Just One Word, LOVE
Story depicting the absolute difference between the
two words, One is ‘MONEY’ & the second one is
‘LOVE’. ‘LIFE’ is not so straight as it looks, though
you are the richest person on this land. Is it possible
for us to forgive our own, our own soul ? What if,
I want to ‘LIVE’ the ‘LIFE’, as my heart says…….
VST
VISHVENDRA SINGH TOMAR
Just One Word, LOVE
Story depicting the absolute difference between the
two words, One is ‘MONEY’ & the second one is
‘LOVE’. ‘LIFE’ is not so straight as it looks, though
you are the richest person on this land. Is it possible
us to forgive our own, our own soul ? What if,
I want to ‘LIVE’ the ‘LIFE’, as my heart says…….
What I need is Let’s see. 
VISHVENDRA SINGH TOMAR
Just One Word, LOVE
Story depicting the absolute difference between the
two words, One is ‘MONEY’ & the second one is
‘LOVE’. ‘LIFE’ is not so straight as it looks, though
you are the richest person on this land. Is it possible
us to forgive our own, our own soul ? What if,
I want to ‘LIVE’ the ‘LIFE’, as my heart says…….
What I need is Let’s see .
VISHVENDRA SINGH TOMAR
Just One Word, LOVE Just One Word, LOVE

Story depicting the absolute difference between the two
words, One is ‘MONEY’ & the second one is ‘LOVE’. ‘LIFE’
is not so straight as it looks, though you are the richest
person on this land. Is it possible for us to forgive our
own, our own soul ? What if, I want to ‘LIVE’ the ‘LIFE’,
as my heart says. What I need is Let’s see.
WITH SPECIAL THANKS TO :-
Dada ji, Lt. Vijendra Pal Singh Tomar
Dadi ji, Lt. Vimla Tomar
Nana ji, Ranveer Singh Raghav
Nani ji, Lt. Kusum Lata Raghav
“They call me an emotional fool, they say I
care too much, they don’t need my affection,
even they say I don’t know what the love is…
But I just want to make them happy, though
they are correct I don’t know what the love is..
Are they correct.????”
{‘LOVE’ need not to be defined, It simply exists.}

- VISHVENDRA SINGH TOMAR 
WARNING: SMOKING IS SMOKING IS
INJURIOUS TO
HEALTH….



 
ABOUT THE NOVEL...
This is a fiction full of emotions, trust, ups &
downs, pleasure, enjoyment, sentiments,
hatred, love, care, achievements, sacrifices,
compromises, visions, needs, promises,
affection & a lot that comes along with the life
of a boy who has everything except ‘LOVE’ .
Every character designed in this fiction doesn’t
resemble to anyone in real life & are portrayed
just to entertain you as maximum as possible.
This novel is genuinely written for all those who
have misconception regarding the word LOVE,
We can survive without money but we can’t
live without love. Let me try my level best, to
take you a 3 hour ride to a different world, the
only thing I need is your ‘LOVE’,
Just One Word, LOVE 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS...
This novel is a labour of love supported by my
school mates, teachers from CHILDREN’S
ACADEMY & college friends, professors from
DELHI TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY.
I would like to thank the following people,
without whom support this day can’t be
possible: My parents, Saiket, Vaibhav, Abhinav,
Arun, Brijesh, Anurag, Salil, Rahul, Ashish,
Shivansh, Chirag, Sahib, Jitesh, Saurabh,
Tanmay, Shaiza, Sandeep, Vipul, Ishu, Shanu,
Beauty, & all you there reading this……
Thanks to all my dear friends & well-wishers,
I am nothing without you all ☺,
All I need is your presence forever…….
Keep smiling ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺
Author’s Note………………….
From the very beginning of our introduction to
this unknown world, the word that associates
itself with ourselves is “LOVE”, though some of
us remain devoid of it, their whole life. How
lucky we are encircled by our mother’s love,
father’s love, teacher’s love, friend’s love……..
We should be thankful to the God for giving us
his presence in various forms, But just think a
moment about all those who still need some
one’s presence, who need LOVE since a long,
they are waiting, Ya of course, they are waiting
for the day they will be loved, I can feel their
pain, Do you ? Some need parents, some need
friends & some are nearby you, who need you…
VISHVENDRA SINGH TOMAR
{ 2ND Year, Mech. Engg, D.T.U. }
New Delhi, Dec, 2012…………
PROLOUGE…
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ;11:00 a.m..
“Sir, there….. There 13th floor, House No. ’13-m’...”,
the milkman said.
“ You have called us ? “, one of the policeman said.
“Yes Sir, Sahab ji is not opening the door, I am
knocking since 9:30”, milkman replied.
Policeman enquired, “ What? For this you have
called us, Do you have any sense? ”.
“Sir sorry for that, but please believe me, the
matter is serious, something is wrong with Sahab
ji……. ”, milkman replied in very low voice.
Policeman, “ He might have sleeping, or might
have drunken last night, you go and don’t call us
again, we have some other important works to do,
Understand?? Or do we make you understand?? “.
Milkman (in crying voice), “Sir please, Sir please,
Please listen…… My sahabji used to play guitar 
every morning, I am coming here, about a year, not
even a single day is passed without my Sahabji’s
guitar, He is always there at the door……….”.
One of the crew member, gets impressed by
milkman’s genuine appeal & asks his senior to take
action……..
“Ok, Mr. Kapoor go and check what is going on
there at 13-m & you (pointing towards milkman) go
along with him”, One of the senior replied.
Milkman along with 2 policemen, reach the flat no.
13-m & try to open the door, ring door bell several
time but door not opens……..
“ Sir it is locked from inside, we have to smash it
down.”, Mr. Kapoor shouted from the 13th floor.
“Then smash it down, if the person found sleeping
this milkman will pay for the smashed door, O.K.”,
Mr. Sharma (their boss) replied.
They smashed the door down, within minutes but
what they found was really surprising……..
“Sir, please come up, he (milkman) is right,
something is odd here, please come up”, Mr.
Kapoor replied. 
Within few seconds Mr. Sharma along with 4 more
policemen come up and investigat the place, but
what they find is really strange & shocking……..
“Oh My God!!”, Mr. Sharma uttered (in a loud
voice).
“You two go there, you two there & search the
man………. & Mr. Kapoor you come with me, You
(milkman) go outside & wait till we come out….”
The milkman bowed his head (in order to say O.K.),
leave the place, but what made everyone startled
was, there was a very huge mirror, unlike in homes,
about 12 burnt cigarettes buds were there infront
of that same giant mirror, a guitar with broken
strings and blood all around the strings, a lighter
(gold made) with two words marked on it ‘C + D’
with blood around it too, a collection of music
DVDs, a lot of trophies, clean & beautifully painted
walls, a thick hand-made copy (Unlike other copies,
it was like someone had added page, always added
page so that all work remain in one place), with a
boy in darkness painted over it & 4 words written at
the cover page “Just One Word, LOVE”, like
someone has beautifully decorated the front cover 
by himself using water colors & there was blood all
around the pages, everything was looking
bloody…… Suddenly two of the policemen who
were investigating in the other rooms shouted …..
“Sir, please come here fast…. Sir fast…… A dead
body, Sir a dead body is floating in the bathroom
Sir, Sir………..”, one of the policeman shouted (In a
quivering voice).
With this Mr. Sharma & Mr. Kapoor reached the
bathroom & what they saw was really unbelievable,
a male dead body was floating in the bath tub, with
no clothes on the upper part & a very costly jeans
covering lower part, with blood flowing from nose,
mouth & a 13
th
 cigarette bud in his hand, like he
had grasped that bud very tightly before death, one
of the strange thing was, there was a golden chain
around his neck, with letters ‘C+D’ printed on it…..
He was looking like a very handsome man of
around 29-30 years, with very expensive clothing &
living style showing that he belongs to a very rich
class, but who was he?? A question that everyone
wants to unsolve in that room, even on asking to
the milkman & the neighbours, they too were
unaware of the ‘unidentified body’, only they 
replied that the person was living here about a year
& he didn’t tell anything about him to anyone, only
thing he used to do was playing guitar & riding on
his bike (Pulsar 180 cc standing there) for hours,
this was his routine since last year…….
Now the case became very strange & equally
complicated too, as no one was able to identify
him…… Mr. Sharma in deep thinking now wants to
solve the mystery of ’13-m’, & then suddenly his
eyes caught the clue, there were cameras at the
corner of the some rooms, & Mr. Sharma was sure,
if he could find the recording then the case is
solved, to this one of the policeman finds the
recording……..
“Everyone come here, we have got the recordings,
let’s see what had happened to this macho-man,
where is Mr. Kapoor? ”, Mr. Sharma (To his
policemen) enquired.
From bedroom, a shout came…..
“Sir before going through video recordings, come
here, here fast……. A laptop……”, Mr. Kapoor.
All policemen rushing towards bedroom……. 
Mr. Sharma , “Looking like, it is on sleep mode,
please on the laptop…”.
Mr. Kapoor switch on the laptop & found that
someone had updated a status at facebook at
around 7:00 a.m., before going through the status
in curiosity to know the person they click on the
profile & what they found was……………
“Oh My god! Oh no! Oh no! He is…… He is…… He
is………”, Mr Kapoor uttered…………
{ This will be continued to the last of the novel,
please have patience, Just for a moment forget
about the scene going on & come with me for a 13
hours long journey, those 13 video recordings
captured by camera, Let’s see them one by one with
13 cigarettes, & try to find what exactly ‘LOVE’ is?
So, Shall we move 13 hours before, if you permit ☺}
There we go :
Just One Word, LOVE…… 

Cigarette : 1



 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 6:00 p.m…
( Flat No. : 13-m, Door opens…..) A man of about 29
years enters the room, He is in a sort of hurry, In a
very few seconds, He refreshes himself by taking a
quick shower, He is looking very impatient like he is
in hurry, like someone has to catch a train in a few
seconds being at a very long distance from station,
he is singing songs, changing tracks very frequently,
now he stops, staring continuously towards the
giant mirror (Which he calls “Yaadi”, a hindi term
meaning : best friend…. As According to Charlie
Chapline, Mirror is the best friend because it never
laughs when someone cries infront of it.) & now he
is staring at the Hand-made copy, He is kissing the
same copy, Now he puts the copy down & rushes
toward the gallery, he is closing all windows like he
wants to celebrate something alone, now the same
golden lighter he is using for a cigarette, now again
he is infront of the mirror, he holds the same copy,
now he is looking in a mood to read it, he sits down
on the Chair infront of the mirror, & opens the first
page of the copy & laughs out loud & conversating 
with himself by looking into the mirror by assuming
his reflection in the mirror to be his friend, as if he
wants to share a story to someone, now he is
sharing to himself, he is reading loud, he is
laughing, he is reading, laughing mixed, loud &
loud & louder………
( Over to him…….. He is telling his own story to him,
From now onwards he will narrate his own story by
his own words……. Now he is reading the first page,
one of the conversation is going on, in the football
field…………………………………………………………………… )
“Hahaaaa hahaaaa ….. Hurreyyyy !!!” (In the field
enjoying during the football final match, InterSchool Tournament.)
“I am coming to you, Now you can’t escape…..”(To
one of the boy of opponent team )
“Run as fast as you can, I am coming…… Hurrey!!!!”
“Hahahahahahahaaaaaaa………..”
Mayank(My friend) “We only need 1 goal, Chirag
you can…..” 
Chirag ( Myself ), “Mayank, don’t worry, 1 goal is
not a big deal, if you say I can hit 3 consecutive
goals…..”
Mayank,”Then Buddy, For whom r u waiting for? ”
Chirag, “I am looking for my Mother & Father,
everyone’s parent is there but not mine”.
Mayank,”Look, you are the son of the most richest
person, Ramesh Garg of our city(Ghaziabad), Yaar
obviously they may be busy in their works, So don’t
take it on your heart, there is goal-post, just snatch
the ball and make it a glorious Victory for this year”
Chirag,”Ok Bro, just for our school friends, let me
launch…Now here I got the boll & the countdown
begins…… Zig-zag-zig-zag- Zig-zag-zig-zag-zig &
there it goes, Yippeee Hurreeeyyy Goooooaaallll!!”
Laughing out Loudly in the room, by memorizing
that past scene of the victory, kissing the first
burning cigarette & continuing the story………
“Hey Srishti, You Sneha, You Meenakshi & You
Radhika, How was the goal??”, during celebration
of the victory….
Srishti,” Awsm, My hero…..”. 
Sneha,” May our Ronaldo Live Long!!!”.
Meenakshi,” Our school can’t afford a match of
football without you, charming Chiru….”.
( Chirag to Chiru, matlab kuch bhi… lolz.. ☺ ☺)
Radhika,” Not so much to cheer about, it was just
nice…”.
Chirag, “ Just Nice? You go & see POGO, Just Nice
haan? We could have lost the game………”
Radhika,” Hey cuty, Don’t be so rude, I was just
joking…..”.
Mayank (interuptingly) ,”Hey Chirag, leave all these
girls, they are just waste of time, we have to leave
now for our Celebration, Hey girls, Mind it, it is
‘Boys’ Celebration, Boys rocks’
Naananannaaannaaa… hey….. Hey… Hip Hip
Hurrey……… ☺ ☺…..”.
Chirag,”Sorry girls, I have to leave, The orders are
from supreme court (Friends are just like supreme
court for Chirag), catch you all soon…….”
Chirag (To Mirror),”Hey ‘Yaadi’, are you enjoying??
Haan??? “ 
Yaadi,” Of course Buddy, Now tell me How did you
all boys celebrate you victory??”
We Mayank, Siddharth, Sumit, Kuldeep & Akshaya
drove straight to the Fun & Fun WaterPark, we
took ride over various Dragons, we all together
jumped from a height to straight to the swimming
pool, we bathed, we went for vodka, we were
young enough, as we were 11th standards students,
who can care about themselves, especially when
there is a businessman in name of father & a
women caring about herself in name of mother,
Yaadi you know how it feels when returning home
from school, all children mixes up with their Mom
& Dad, & I had to satisfy myself with Playstation,
Laptops, Food like someone had just take it out
from cold storage, No one is there to celebrate my
victory, No one cares, My friends think I’m richest
but reality is that no one is as poor as I am, as pitty
as I am……..
Some tears trickeled down through Chirag’s eyes, A
strange silence is all around there, on his whole
face, suddenly……. 
Yaadi , ”Chirag don’t feel so pity, atleast you know
What Love is?? Please stop crying, look I am also
crying with you…….”
Yaadi,”I said Naa, please stop crying, Clear your
tear & now complete the celebration, tell me about
How you made Mayank naked in the swimming
pool???”
Chirag (Smiling),”Oh, Ya… That one, ya listen…. We
all friends made a plan that during the bath, we all
will keep our clothes aside & Kuldeep will steal
Mayank’s clothes & then we all after clothing up
will enjoy the Mayank as ‘Nangu’……”
Hahahahahahahahahahah………. Laughing out
Loudly……… (Chirag & yaadi, both are laughing
furiously…)
But after then we all appollogised to the Mayank &
reminded him that whenever you should go for
bath, you should first ensure your clothe’s
safety……….lolz……….. ☺ ☺
What a great time it was, though I was devoid of
parents love since birth but I was thankful to god
for gifting me such a great “BINDASS” friends….. 
Sometimes I feel money is my enemy, as if my
father, let suppose He was a clerke with ordinary
salary & my mother a normal housewife taking care
of house not jwellery, then I would have certainly a
most richest boy, Then we used to share food
together, we used to laugh & enjoy together as a
small happy family, in a single room not in that
graveyard, where there is no ray of happiness, only
a terrible silence that can kill you, if you try to know
what LOVE is………     
I wanted to quit, I wanted to live with my friends at
their home, but I couldn’t as according to my
friends I’m happy at my home, I just wanted their
presence only during school time & after going
home I forgot about them & enjoy my luxurious life
style…. But no, it was not true & there was no point
of enjoyment about that f**king Life style, where I
used to feel a sort of suffocation, moreover the
reality was that, at that time I needed them the
most, I missed them the most & found myself caged
in my own house, encircled by the Keepers
(Servants), highly paid just to Cage me…
Yaadi you are my only best friend who know me
more than anyone can, even more than I can……… 
But I didn’t leave the hope, hope to cultivate love, a
hope for which this wind is blowing, this moon is
rising, this earth is rotating, this world is breathing,
everyone is living, I’m living… I used to have my
lunch with my school gate keeper Shambhu Kaaka
ji , not with friends who need my lunch not me……
He was the man of self-respect, with only one hand,
still he used to salute very strictly with only hand,
He used to tell me stories & I preferred to feed him
with my hands as it gave me pleasure, He was well
aware of my problem, though I never had told him,
to this he gave me several explanation but I was
never convinced but one day, he told me a story, a
story of a boy, a boy of my age, a boy in the same
condition in I was, One day the boy along with his
parents was going for a movie which he never liked
as young boys didn’t like to prefer old moral stories,
he also wanted his parents love not the movies &
suddenly their car collided with a truck & on the
spot his parents, driver died & his one hands
detached from his body, unluckily he survived…??
I asked,” How it was unlucky?”.
Shambhu Kaka,” Because the boy whose story I’m
telling you is none other, moreover it’s not a story, 
it’s a real incident, & the boys is standing infront of
you Shambhu……”.
“Oh So sorry, You had lost your parents at young
age ???”, I asked.
Shambhu Kaka, “Ya, that’s what I want to teach you
is, It doesn’t matter they are loving you or not, they
are spending time with you or not but atleast they
are with you, but I am all alone….”.
“Ok I got your point, from today onwards I’ll
respect my parents, but this is not my real problem
my real problem is where do I cultivate love?? ”, I
asked.
Shambhu kaka,”Just love the life, Life will love
you.... Just show deep faith in life & life will never
leave you alone……. ”.
“Ok Shambhu kaka ji, namastey… let me go”, I
replied & left the place……
But reality was that at that age, I was unable to
estimate the worth of his last sentence, It was very
difficult for me to compute the real sense what
Shambhu kaka wanted to convey to me… might be I 
havn’t seen the other forms of life, or I was still 16
year old………………
But now when I Know the each & every aspect of
his sentence, what he wanted to convey, Why he
over emphasized the word LIFE, even more than
word LOVE…... & Now the reality is that I don’t
have any more time left……..
But anyhow at that time, what only desire for me
was to cultivate love…….
Chirag,”How was Shambhu Kaka??”
Yaadi,”Awsm Chiru (Reminding Meenakshi’s words)
lolz…….. Your cigarette is finished, throw the bud
down you idiot…. Lolz…. ☺”.
Chirag,”Ok I’m coming, just wait for me….”.
Chirag leaves for bedroom………….. 

Cigarette : 2 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 7:00 p.m…
Chirag goes to bedroom to take second cigarette &
also takes a cup of coffee, & then lights the
cigarette & continues the conversation with himself
ie- with Yaadi…
Anyhow it was the turning year of my life, It was the
year which was going to direct my life to
somewhere, where I could get LOVE, as if you are a
science stream student & you score good in
competitive engineering entrance exam, you could
go for a college, more precisely a ‘hostel’ is always
there for you, better than that graveyard……
I started giving proper justice to my 3 core subjects
“PCM : Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics”, & the
best part was that, there was certainly a feeling of
love with those sexy numerical of Newton’s Law,
Coordinate Geometry, Electrostatic, Magnetism,
Complex Number, Organic Chemistry,
Thermodynamics, Equilibrium a lot…. I was having a
good habit of sleeping with them, there was a
LOVE, Ya Joy of LOVE, in class-room, in Coaching
class, those attractive multiple choice question with 
IIT-JEE, AIEEE formats have, with this I was also in
the race with those, whose posters you can see at
every end of entrance exams in news-papers,
magazines, T.V.s, ya & it should be because they
work hard, but I was not working hard, I was loving
my studies as if my books are my soul mates.... It
was tasting nice, you can say it was my first crush ☺
☺ ☺ ☺ (Author : with PCM lolzz……… Padhley
Bachhu Aagey pata chalegi, jab 3X3 ki nhi 6X6 ki
matrix aayengi tab kahega, maine entrance kyon
diya ??? lolz…….. I was just joking, just to make you
laugh, as even your breathe can leave you, but your
knowledge can’t……)
Chirag finishes the Coffee & puts the cup aside, He
goes inside the bed room again & brings a Photobook, to show yaadi some of his sweet memories at
the Mayank’s Birthday party…….
“Look yaadi, what a wonderful collection I got…..”,
Chirag says.
Chirag continues….. It was the day before our 12th
board Physics exam, It was Mayank’s Birthday, My
best school buddy’s birthday & You know me, I
don’t fear, fear of anything.. (In a very low voice, 
Chirag to himself, just I fear from LOVE word…), So
we had to celebrate that night, However Mayank
was rejecting the proposal of going for a drive, but
I knew the ways, how you make your friend to say
YES, only thing to do is just kick 4-5 kicks at your
friend’s back, in a few seconds he will plan a trip for
you………….. We(along with 4 other friends) all
boarded in my Dad’s TATA-SUMO ( Atleast there
are some advantages of being belonging to a rich
class you always have a car, Thanks God!, ) At that
time there was no tension for OPTICS, or Modern
Physics, No Gauss Formulae, No Faraday’s Laws,
Only there was friend’s full-toooooo masti, a
moment to make a history, we drove straight to
BETA Mall, a place where day starts when Moon
rises, we danced in pub, Even we Hi-jacked the
whole DJ Dance Floor, everywhere on the floor we
were six, we made camera clicked several times, I
purchased a Laptop & gifted it to Mayank (as he
was very intelligent, & even topper of our school, I
was sure after selection in entrance, he will leave us
after making it for some reputed college, that’s why
for making my gift useful there for his engineering
studies, I opted Laptop as suitable gift….), to this he 
thanked me as if I had given him my Dad’s whole
empire, why the friends are so formal, they call
themselves friend & they very rarely behave like a
friend, But I can’t afford to miss that day at this
point of life, what an awsm day it was, just before
Physics exam,….
Chirag showing all images to Yaadi, pointing to a
particular image in which all 6 friends were there
with the Laptop (gift), & showing some more
images at dance floor, laughing very loudly,
enjoying as if he is now at the same Dance floor….
“Yaadi, But the time didn’t remain constant, LIFE is
something which gifts you something which you
can’t expect from it ever, Almost everything
changed, everything reverted back, I didn’t know
whether it was boon or bane for me”, Chirag says.
Yaadi replies,”(curiously) Time changed? How?
What it is all about? Your friendship got broken ?,
Tell me what went wrong ?”
Chirag,” Everything went wrong, After our exams it
was time for result one by one, I was not expecting
anything from any result, I just enjoyed my studies
& I executed my level best without any desire, 
atleast you can’t expect any sort of gain to your
soul-mate, only thing I wanted was just to make
clear my board exams & nothing more, But…”
Yaadi,“ But what? ”
Chirag,” The result time is a time when in some
homes there are celebrations, happiness, of victory
of the students by family members & in some
homes there is a deep last longing silence like their
home is attacked by atom bomb as in Hiroshima &
Nagasaki, but unlike the two cases there was no
point for me as in graveyard everything remains
same, My Mom & Dad have no time to know
whether my result is out or not, whether I am a
science or commerce student, & I developed a
habit of it, but what strange was …..”
Yaadi,” Strange, what ? What so strange ?”
Chirag,” I got 94.60% in board exams, 1313 rank in
IIT-JEE, 1216 rank in AIEEE, 79 rank in UPTU
(Author : Such type of results happen when you
love to study, not study to get result, as Chirag
did….), But………..”
Yaadi,” But what? (Author : Abey aur kya Chaand
todkey de tujhey, S**ley Bachhe ki jaan lega??) 
What were you expecting more than this? Why are
you making that f**king face? You should be very
proud, as in Lakhs of people, you were in top 1500,
awsm man, awsm man……”
Chirag silences, after a while, he manages to reply…
Chirag,” Mayank broke the relation of friendship,
Ya, Did you hear got dam… ?? He broke the
friendship, again I lost my love (LOVE of friendship)
I lost, did you hear ??? I lost again?? I lost…. We
were no more together, I was alone again, what did
remain in my life, what?? I was sinking, I was
suffocating, Tears … tears…. I am alone…. Did you
hear, I am alone……… (Author’s appeal to readers :
Please try to feel the pain of Chirag, Please it’s very
important to know how difficult for a person like
Chirag to live, Please feel & read this paragraph
again…….)”
With this Chirag goes mad, starts kicking
everything first chair, then sofa, then table,
Suddenly he calms down bursts in tears, tears, tears
all around, he is crying very loudly like a 4 year
baby, louder, louder, tears, tears mixed………………. 
Chirag(To yaadi), “Are you getting it I was again
alone, devoid of again, devoid of again that ‘Just
One Word, LOVE’ ”
Yaadi,” Please calm down, Please be relaxed,
Please think about the beautiful day you have spent
today, since 4 a.m. …… (Author : 4 a.m. (4 a.m. of 12
December, not of 13 December, because the video
recording is currently running of 12 December, 7
p.m.) ? Ya, 4 a.m. you’ll get to know about it at last
of novel, please maintain the suspense & try to
mark the time after every cigarette………. ) ”
Thinking about the sweet moments he is spending
since early morning, Chirag controls himself, he
goes & after washing his face, he again sits infront
of mirror (Yaadi) & utters….
Chirag,” Sorry Yaadi, for such behavior, but I
couldn’t control myself, Mayank was everything for
me, a best buddy, as like a brother, & he just broke
that deep rooted relation just because He got
89.4% in board, 5970 rank in IIT, 7989 rank in
AIEEE, 357 rank in UPTU…. Only…… & why he could
try to compare it with me, his best buddy…. Even he
too got great ranks & though I got whatever I did,
what was the point there to be jealous, jealous of
me…., I went to his house to congratulate him after
the results, He simply asked me to leave, and not
coming back to him again in life, without caring
about anything, about our friendship, about my
relationship,…. Oh, how shattered I was, I was
broken into pieces, I was not getting anything, Was
I dreaming, was the life playing with me, was I
paying for some sins of my last births, I didn’t know,
but what I knew was that I was alone again…”
Again tears trickles down his eyes, he is trying to
console himself…..
Yaadi,” Please control yaar, if he was just jealous of
that differences in ranks then he can’t be called as
friend, he is just a f**king fellow, who just deserves
a high intensity kick by a horse ……”
Chirag,” Hey, yaadi don’t abuse him, He might be
not my friend but still I am his friend & I’ll die
without breaking that bond from my side…..
However at that time I was feeling same as you are
feeling for him now, I too in anger left the Mayank’s
house just by congratulating him once & never 
looked back, though sometimes I wanted to visit
him again but I controlled myself & never went to
him again…….. After a month, I too became
habitual of my loneliness but what new coming in
my life was, my departure from that graveyard, as
the counseling process for the colleges was about
to start…”
Yaadi,” Now you was about to leave your home??
So amazing, sounding nice, not just nice awsm,
hostels haan…. Hostel’s life…. Cool ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺”.
Chirag,” first rectify your mistake it was never a
home, it was always a graveyard, understand! , Ya I
was looking for a heaven, where I could relax, live
my life in completely a different, new manner…”
(Author : Dekh rahey ho S**ley ko, masti jyaada
chaa rahi hai, engineering colleges me relax
kehney ko keh raha hai, lagta hai aaj se pehley
kabhi Engineering word se iska paala nhi padha,
First semester nikalney do, akal kya khud bhi
thikaaney aa jayega jab 80% attendance, lambeylambey assignment, na khatam honey waaley
papers, anginat projects, baat-baat par viva etc ka
High-Voltage shock lagega…….) 
Yaadi,” So, which college did you go for? “
Chirag,” It’s AIT (Alpha Institute of Technology),
Delhi one of the top most college of India, filled by
IIT-JEE ranks…… “.
Yaadi,” Oh AITian haan, Great But what was your
branch ????”
Chirag, “ECE (Electronics & Communication
Engineering), Just because My area of interest was
around Semi-conductors, amplifiers, diodes,
transistors etc…..”
( Author : Yaar had hoti hai, ECE ko khel samajh rha
hai, Jab current aur voltage source k complex
network se paala padega to Krichhof Baba ko bhi
sahi se nhi laga payega, jab intresting area kahan
kahaan se niklega pta bhi nhi chalega, Mazaak hi
bana rakha hai, achha hua Mech nhi boli, fir to
Hathodey se hi shaadi karni padti…… LOLz…… ☺ ☺
☺ Simply ECE & MECH ENGG. Rocks……………………)
Yaadi,” Oh, you are an Electronics Engineer &
currently working as General Manager in your
father’s firm…….. Great…….. But why did you go for
Engineering when you had to work for father as 
manager……… You should went for some commerce
courses like BBA, MCA…….. ”.
Chirag,” Ya, you are right, an engineer should
contribute in research work related to sciences, but
the main irony was that the life was never so
straight to me, I had to take over my father’s
business, & live his life as he has lived….. I can’t do
something innovative, just occupy the chair given
by him, as there were several reasons behind it, you
will get to know about it later……. ”
Yaadi,”O.K., I got it….. So pity of you… Hats off to
you man, such a difficult task to live without LOVE,
to do what you dislike…..”.
Chirag,” Anyhow, the exciting thing was, I was
leaving graveyard & going to AIT,Delhi…… Awsum
feeling, it was for me……. Just fantasizing about
hostel’s life….. Just wait a moment, just coming…”
Chirag drops down the second bud & runs to
bedroom may be for collecting something, some
piece of paper & for the third cigarette……………… 





Cigarette : 3
 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 8:00 p.m…
Chirag hurriedly comes out with a paper & again
burns his 3
rd
 cigarette with the same golden lighter,
& pointing the page towards mirror, he utters….
“Look my admission letter, admission letter to AIT,
Delhi, A letter that every class 12th student dreams
of, I was having it at that time just because I have
LOVED my soul-mate PCM, at least one thing was
clear to me, I certainly knew that what the love is
all about & how it should be….”, Chirag says.
Yaadi,” Of course, Buddy you know LOVE, You
understand it more than anyone can, I’m proud of
one of the AITian standing infront of me, So how
was the journey at AIT, Delhi…”
Chirag,” Thanks for the compliment, Oh! ‘JOURNEY
at AIT’, My complete life it was, It is like impossible
for me to explore it in few hours, but with the help
of this copy (The same Hand-made copy), Just One
Word, LOVE, I’ll try my best to give you the
glimpses of those 4 wonderful years……” 
Yaadi,” Then for whom are you waiting for ? Let’s
begin the journey… ”
Chirag,” Ya Sure, Ok Let me begin with the day of
my first exposure to AIT Delhi, It was the day of
admission , It is not a huge campus, as normal
engineering colleges are, It is just 45 acres, But
maintained like a 7 star Hotel, Every single acre is
so planned that your first look can’t give surety of
that it is an engineering college……… ”
Chirag watches his wrist watch, It’s 8:05 p.m. as if
he wants to complete his journey in the sufficient
time, again he starts…..
Chirag,” I along with my driver, drove straight to
AIT Campus, then to the auditorium of AIT where
admission procedure was going on, I made my
driver to wait for me in the car at parking, The
Shiva ji Auditorium, Mind-blowing it was, a statue
of Great Shiva ji painted in golden, a fountain
decorated with lights focusing on the logo of AIT
Delhi, a wing of our national bird sketching the sun
on our country’s map over a page, Awsm vision it
was, I hurriedly entered the auditorium, there were
a lot of students along with their parents & I was 
alone again, After going through the admission
procedure, I left the auditorium & went straight to
the ECE Department, as I had served with my first
filled choice ECE, It was not as big as ME
department as ECE doesn’t deal with MonsterMachines rather it deals with mini-circuits, microchips & even the Department was large enough to
cope up with amplifiers, diodes like stuff. But what
my eyes caught was really amazing, AIT had
provided each department with the golden statues
of INDIA’s Heroes just to make the youngsters like
me, aware about the souls who built the foundation
of INDIA with their blood, Like there was a statue
of Neta ji Subhash Chandra Bose infront of ECE
Department, Shaheed Bhagat Singh infront of ME
Department, Hats off to AIT again…. After saluting
those prominent figures I entered the ECE
Department & read my name on the department
notice board among the students declared for the
ECE batch for first year, ‘CHIAG GARG -ECE- 13
(My roll no.), just to know about the students near
my roll number, I again saw the list, ‘ARJUN
SHARMA -ECE- 12’, ‘DRISHTI JAIN -ECE- 14’……..” 
Chirag silences, He is kissing his cigarette like he is
missing someone, His eyes are wet again, he is
kissing those letters ‘DRISHTI JAIN’ written by him
on the page of the same copy, he is releasing the
smoke very slow, He stands and opens one window,
he takes his guitar and sits beside the window, He is
looking in a mood of playing guitar……. After 5
minutes, he plays the guitar, He is playing like a
professional music bands artists, He is playing as if
no one can copy him, as if he is playing guitar since
last 7 births, Surprisingly he is singing a song,
singing like a professional singer, a great singer
with wet eyes, so amazing to witness an artist like
him, here he goes……
“ Tu Aashquii hai, Tu Aashquii hai……. Tu hai
aasmaan me, teri ye zameen hai……. Tu hai
aasmaan me, teri ye zameen hai, Tu jo hai to sab
kuch hai, na koi kami hai, Tu hi dil hai, Tu hi Jaan
bhi hai, Tu Khusi hai, aasraa bhi hai, Teri chahat
zindagi hai, Tu mohabat, tu aashqui hai, Tu aashqui
hai…….. Tu Aashqui hai……..”
He completes his song, as sometimes when you feel
alone or like shattered into pieces, when no one’s
word can console you, it is best to sing songs which 
you like the most, as only music has got the
potential to console anyone in this world, Even
some of us often need it too, music may be
inspirational or whatever it suits the situation best…
He completes the song & closes the window again,
He comes back to the mirror & utters….
Chirag,” Sorry, Yaadi for leaving you alone, I know
you can understand, my best friend, What I just
need was my guitar, Sorry again…..”
Yaadi,” Don’t say sorry Buddy, I know how much it is
difficult for you to come back again to tell me the
story, I’m proud of you, You did nothing wrong,
anyone in the position in you are, have surely did
the same, Take your time & then we will start the
journey……..”
Chirag,” Now, I’m fine or it will be correct to say my
guitar, my cigarette & your face Yaadi make me
fine, Ok let me remind where I was…… ”
Yaadi,” You had passed through you roll number &
now you are going towards the hostels, Let’s charm
it, HOSTEL > Graveyard……..” 
Yaadi reminding Chirag about the Hostels, a new
life for Chirag where he would find himself, He
deflects Chirag’s mind from those words to hostel,
just away from that hell, graveyard………
Chirag,”(Suddenly) Haha…. No,this inequality is not
correct, it should be like this…
HOSTEL>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Graveyard….”
Yaadi,” Haha, much much much greater than
haan????? ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺”
Chirag,” Ya, Let me come on the same track, Ya
after seeing the list, I went straight to the hostels,
more precisely Chanakaya Boy’s Hostel, Room No.
13, There were 3 Boy’s hostels & 1 Girl’s hostel,
about 4 storey building each( 6 rooms at each
storey, each room occupied by 3), with individual
hostel-mess, indoor sports complex, a common
study room, a combined health center, a
gymnasium etc, It was completely lighted place,
decorated with fountains, flowers, trees, different
colors……. ”
Yaadi,” Yaar, awsm …. Yaar , awsm…. Such a
wonderful place, it is…… A completely isolated life
among the inhabitants of those 4 hostels, Yaar 
really, it is life……. So tell me something about your
room…….”
Chirag,” I went straight to my hostel room, Again
there was a list of 3 students, attached to my hostel
room’s door, specifying the 3 candidates for the
room, there was a familiar name at the top……
1- ARJUN SHARMA ( From Maharashtra )
2- CHIRAG GARG ( From Uttar Pradesh )
3- DEEPAK RATHORE ( From Rajasthan )
I was first to visit the room as the college was
starting from the next week, so there was no one
there at that time in the hostel, I was just there to
prepare myself for a new life, I entered the room(At
2
nd floor), there was a small room first, with 3 pairs
of table, chair ,study-lamp, almirah & then there
was a gallery, fully covered with the windows (same
as in this room, where Chirag is at present),
Bathroom & toilet just nearby the gallery, & at last
a big hall type room with 3 pairs of bed…… But
what so amazing about that room was, it was just
opposite to Rani Laxmi Bai Girl’s hostel, even the
gallery of our room can give you clear scene of the
complete Girl’s Hostel, I was very excited for this
new life, which was giving me the invitation,
invitation to find myself……………………….. ”
(Author : Haye Re Haye, Teri Kismat, Hostel bhi
mila to Girl’s Hostel k saamney waala, Beta ab to ho
gai padhai, Back hi bacha paaya to bahut hoga…. ☺
☺ ☺….. Acha ab samjha tujhey windows par baith
kar gaana gaana kyon achha lagta hai….. lolz.. ☺ ☺)
Yaadi,” Yaar, Kasam se, Your life was about to start,
Girl’s Hostel haan….. One from Maharashtra,
another from Rajasthan, & you from U.P., solid
combination it is sounding… So what was next
waiting for you….. ?”
Chirag,” After visiting the hostel that day, I
returned back to my car, unlike other rich fellows I
used to drive by myself not by driver, I made my
driver to occupy the rear seat, I was just leaving the
campus, there was another car standing inside the
campus, blocking the way, with rear wheel
punctured, a man (with his family) was standing
there asking for lift, I stopped my car near them &
asked them to come inside (As you know, we rich
people possess very long cars with only 1 or 2 seats
occupied, wasting the fuel for just 1 or 2 seats, 
anyhow there was a lot of space inside), he with his
wife & a girl, looking like his daughter boarded in
my car & then we exited the campus & then the
conversation went as……. ”
Chirag reading the whole conversation, going on
inside the car……..
That man,(To my Driver, as he was at rear seat,
looking like the owner of the car.) “ Thanks Sir, For
giving us the lift….. ”
My Driver,(He was confused as he hardly knew how
to interact with others as the only thing he knew
was just driving, however with me he got little bit
speaking experience, He knew that how he had to
tackle them, by remembering my words to him that
he had to behave like the Chacha of a boy who was
ill & unable to come for admission procedure, so he
had to go their on his behalf)” No problem, Koi
Baat nhi……..”
That man (To me),”Thanks Driver…………”
I didn’t give any reply back, just I was driving as I
too hardly knew how to speak like a driver, as I had
not learnt how to behave like a driver as we rich
people hardly give any attention to our Drivers… 
My Driver (To that man),” Sahab ji, aapko kahaan
jaana hai…..”
Man(Surprisingly),” Sahab ji…… ?”
My Driver,( In Shock),” Ariey mai apney Driver se
keh raha tha ki, jab aapney usey thanks bola to
ussey puchna chahiye tha ki Sahab ji aapko kahaan
jaana hai………..”
Oh! Thank God, Poor people are much clever than
Rich ones like me…. He managed the situation very
well……
Man,”Koi nhi Driver ko steering par dhyaan dena
chahiya, usmey uski koi galti nhi vaisey hame
Chandni-Chawk tak jaana hai, Agar aap please
hame drop kar de, to badi meharbaani hogi……”
My Driver,(To me)” Driver, inhey Chandni-Chawk
par drop karna hai….”
I bend my head in order to say O.K……..
Man,” Thanks again, Myself Arvind Jain, She is my
wife Payal Jain, & She is my daughter DRISHTI
JAIN……….” 
Suddenly I turned my head back to get a glimpse of
her & all sitting behind were staring at me like I had
killed someone, realizing that for them I was the
driver, I again concentrated on steering wheel……
My Driver,” Ham Ravi hain,…….”
Arvind,” Ham Drishti k admission k liye aaye they,
Hamari Car puncture ho gai, To aap bhi apney
bachhey k admission k liye aaye hain?”
My Driver,” Haan, mai apney Bhatijey Chirag k
admission k vaastey aayela hun, matlab aaya hun
(Correcting his words), usey bhukhar hai, vo nhi aa
sakta tha…….”
Arvind,” Koi baat nhi, vaisey aapkey bhatijey ki rank
kitni thi IIT-JEE me ?”
Suddenly I spoke, 1313 rank in IIT-JEE, 1216 rank in
AIEEE, 79 rank in UPTU……….
Arvind,” Ariey Driver tumhey kaisey pta….. ?”
My Driver, “ Ariey mera bhatija iska achha dost
hai…….. ?”
Arvind Jain & his family members making ugly faces
like a rich fellow can’t be a friend of poor one, even 
a rich car owner son’s can’t be a friend of driver…….
It is f**king true………
Arvind ( After a while),” Hamari Bacchi ki bhi 1780
hai IIT-JEE me, hamne to isey ECE dilaayi hai, aur
aapney ….?”
I knew my driver didn’t know about those three
alphabets ECE, suddenly I broke the silence &
spoke…..
Me,” Usiey bhi ECE dilwaayi hai………”
Arvind( frustatingly),” Tum car challayo, aur hameiy
baat karney do……….”
Then they started general talking, & I was
continuously staring at the mirror above my head
capturing Drishti’s image…… & within ½ an hour,
Chandni-Chawk came & they thanked my driver &
they were continuously staring at me, even Drishti
was staring as my clothing style, my hair style was
not as that of a driver & then they left…………
My driver (To me),”Chottey Sahab, agar kuch galti
hui ho to maaf karna”.
Me,” Nhi driver Kaka, aapse koi galti nhi hui…..” 
I drove straight to my house, by adding Kaka word
with Driver,giving him proper justice, as now I knew
how a driver feels when got insulted by Sahabs
sitting behind………
Yaadi,” Yaar, amazing….. Vo sab tujhey Driver
samajh raheiy they??? Haahaaa….. Drishti bhi ???
Hahaa…. Entry maari bhi to apni hi car ka driver
banker…… haha………”
Chirag( throwing the cigarette bud),” Beta udaa
mazaak, udaa….. Kheecnch le taang…….”
Yaadi,” To tuney sach kyon nhi bta diya ki tu driver
nhi hai ??”
Chirag,” Haan sach bta k kya kehta ki mere Dad
Ramesh Garg hain, Jinpey apney Bachhey k liye hi
time nhi hai….    ”
Yaadi,” Arriey Chal Choad, Drishti kaisy lagi ye
bata……….”
Chirag,” Mat puuch Yaar, Bayaan nhi kar sakta…. Fir
bhi gaakar sunaata hun…..”
With this chirag goes to the window to take the
guitar & 4
th
 cigarette & comes back again….... 
Cigarette : 4

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 9:00 p.m…
Chirag,” Pehli nazar me kaisa, jaadu kar diya………”
Yaadi,” Cool haan, samajh gaya, LOVE at first
sight..”
Chirag,” Buddy I can’t say it, as LOVE at first sight,
as LOVE is something beyond it…….”
Yaadi,” Sometimes it becomes impossible for me to
judge you, I can’t, your reasons are not yours……..
Anyhow tell me how did you prepare for the first
day?, at AIT…..”
Chirag,” Ya good question, There was one week
left, My journey at AIT was about to start, I was
planning a lot, First I straight went to BETA mall,
recollecting my early experiences with it, I
purchased a guitar (The same guitar I have now),a
Dell Laptop, a football, Jeans & T-shirts, & a royal
enfield…….. At saloon, I got a very different hairstyle, I was planning every second of that first day. I
didn’t want to carry my any past memory to AIT…. ” 
Yaadi,”Hey buddy, it sounds very nice, First day at
Royal Enfield, Yaar no one can expect more than
this……..”
Chirag,”Ya, Atleast I thanks my Dad now for giving
me that day & more precisely thanks to his ATM
card……..”
Yaadi,” Don’t create so much suspense, come to the
point, to the first day….”
Chirag,” O.K. Buddy there we go, Now you will se
me, Who Chirag Garg is?, As now I was alone to
take my decision, in whatever manner I want, There
we go, First day at AIT,Delhi…….
All students were coming in cars, along with their
parents, all were dressed very well, all were very
happy as if they are waiting for that day, since a
long, Unlike them I was not having my Mom, Dad &
I too became habitual of it, & suddenly I drove my
Enfield straight to the college Gate, I was dressed
completely black, even Black specks, Black cap, a
guitar at back with no other article as I had ordered
my driver to put them in my hostel room, All were
staring at me as if I was not there to study, I was
there for a rock concert to welcome them, 
Suddenly a known face came infront of my Bike,
Oh! No! He is Arvind Jain…..
Arvind,”Hey driver! What are you doing here?”
Before I could answer him….
Drishti,”Daddy, I said to you there is something
wrong with that Boy……”
Me,”Any guesses……..”
Drishti,”What guess, It is simple you are a driver….
A driver who is using his Boss’s articles……”
Without answering them, I kicked my bike & drove
straight to the Shiva ji Auditorium, where
orientation for freshers was going on, I occupied a
seat at back, A speech was going on…. Prof. H. G .
Mittal, director of AIT was delivering his speech…..
It was amazing feeling for me, I was not listening
anything instead of a sentence ‘ AIT welcomes you
all, first year students ’, It was looking like everyone
present in the auditorium was there to greet us, to
congratulate us, to give us a complete dinner, a
small cultural program was also there & about 2:00
p.m. It was end of that ceremony, a delicious lunch
was waiting for us, After having lunch I bid farewell 
to my driver & gave him 10,000 bucks for behaving
as my Chacha ji whole day. Then I headed towards
my hostel room, I parked my sexy Enfield at Hostels
Parking, I went to my room, there were 2 families at
that room, one of Arjun’s & one of Deepak’s, again
as usual staring at me, I introduced myself as
Chirag, they behaved as if I was not eligible for AIT,
one of their parent asked first my rank & when they
got to know it’s 1313, they behaved as if they were
saying sorry to me every time, they spoke…… &
when they got to know about my father’s name,
they behaved as if their sons are lucky to have me
as roommate… What the f**k, this behavior is, If
you are rich, the whole world knows you & if you
are poor, your shadow refuses to identify you…..
After few hours, when their parents left, Deepak
was crying like a 4 year boy, whose Mom had just
left him, Arjun was looking very serious as if he was
at war, like Kargil one. Only in that room, it was
only me who was enjoying freedom, complete
freedom. I was dressing my room, placing articles
to their proper place, already I had ordered
sweeper to clean the room, but none of them was
doing anything, Arjun was still on his chair & 
Deepak in bathroom, I can’t tolerate such
environment anymore, after all it was my day…..
After taking ½ an hour rest, I asked both of them to
join me, they were resisting but they couldn’t resist
in front of Chirag any longer, I made them ready for
a small journey, It was the time for enfield, with
Deepak at middle, Arjun at back, I was driving,
from OAT to Library, Girl’s Hostel to Sports
Complex, about whole campus we had witnessed in
just 45 minutes, Then we exited the campus, I drove
straight to India Gate, Now they too were enjoying,
laughing, looking like they were unaware of such
life-style, I too was enjoying, after all it was my day
7 now I was going to make this day remarkable at
India Gate, Arjun & I went for vodka & Deepak
didn’t want to lose his virginity, virginity towards
alcohol, He went for Pepsi, Arjun wanted more,
more such Vodka stocks for hostel nights, he was
very experienced regarding this, as though he
belonged to Mumbai, but the last 3 years he was in
Kota, Rajasthan, for IIT-JEE preparation, moreover
Deepak was his study-mate as they both were in
same batch, We then went for a night-show,
Terminator, awsm movie it was, & then we drove 
back to the campus, I didn’t want to sleep that
complete day, Arjun & Deepak were unable to
sleep, in memories of their family, I could read their
faces, feeling the love one gets from his family,
Then to utilize time, we played football, then Ludo
& at last about 5:00 a.m. we went for bed, awsm
day it was, I was completely tired, but still I couldn’t
sleep, Vodka made Arjun to sleep & Deepak tears
helped him to sleep, but about 6:30 a.m. I was
recollecting my early life, then I couldn’t resist my
eyes & they covered themselves ……………
Yaadi,” Yaar, No one can enjoy more than you 3
did, when it comes to first day of you college, You
went for India Gate, Terminator, Vodka & Pepsi
too, What else can one want………”
Chirag,”Yaar, The second day was even more
interesting ………. ”
Yaadi,” Second day, after going to bed about 6:30
a.m., How can one expect to go for second day…”
 Chirag,” Ya, that what just happened, When I
woke-up, It was about 11:00 p.m. there at clock,
with no Arjun & Deepak besides me, They already
had gone for their classes, in hurry, I took a quick 
shower & about 11:30 I was there, one of classroom according to the time-table, one of the
lecturer was shouting at a girl, for being 25 minutes
late for the first lecture, suddenly broking the
silence, I entered & as a consequence he directed
his machine-gun to me & after 5 minutes of
continuous scolding, we both were expelled from
that lecture, I took a 180 degree turn & quickly left
the class with no regretting face as if It was my
father’s college, & she too was coming behind me, I
was going towards ECE canteen & suddenly, a
known voice came……
“So you are not a Driver, Haan?” She enquired.
I turned back, Oh, she was Drishti Jain, I replied her
back,” This is Chirag Garg, from Ghaziabad.”
“Please, Clear my confusion, You are Driver or
Student or Both ?...”, She asked impatiently.
I didn’t want to answer that question, otherwise I
would have to share my past with her, which I didn’t
want, I was just keep on walking, At ECE canteen, I
asked her,” Pepsi or Mirinda ?”
“First answer….”,She replied. 
I(To shop owner),”Give her a Limca……..”….”
Yaadi,”Great ab khushiyaan Limca se bhi badhti
hain, Haan? Awsm Yaar, then what happened?”
Chirag,” I took a Coke, We both headed towards
library, But she was continuously asking for answer,
After all there was someone who had spent ½ an
hour with me, without knowing my reality, then
how could I deny her, I made her aware of my
reality, & then what happened, which still I am
living with, After knowing the reality I was living
with, she put her hand on my hand, consoled me as
no one can console me, Even Yaadi you can’t,
Suddenly changing the track, she asked me to Bunk
the whole day, with my enfield (Which she called
my girl-friend), A guy with 1313 & a girl with 1780
rank in JEE, were bunking the first-day of
college……… We were genius, & Genius never
bother about class, they bother about their
performance, about their lives, their world, As to be
a good performer, you should be a person with bigheart first………. ”
With this Chirag fetches his guitar, shares a note
with Yaadi……. 
“Ik ajnabi sa chehra, rehta hai meri nazar me….
Ik dard aake thehra, din raat dard-e-jigar me…”
Yaadi,” Great Bhai, Pehla hi din Bunk, Genius…
Genius….. How was she looking?”
Chirag,” It is always impossible for me to describe
her, I can’t, you can’t describe about one, about
one whose eyes restricts you to them, whose smile
makes you feel like the time has stopped for you,
whose voice takes you to the heaven, whose
presence is just only thing which you want from
your complete life…..”
Yaadi,” I got it Bro, But just tell me, how was her
clothing style, How did you both celebrate that first
Bunk……..”
Chirag,” Let me try, She was having a jean, a TShirt, showing her madness towards music with
some guitar notes painted at back saying I Love
Music, Might be this or something other
responsible for my love towards music, You have to
find, Anyway, I ran towards hostel like a rocket
launcher, to fetch my Enfield, thinking about its
luckiness for me, within few minutes, I placed it in
front of her, she occupied back seat, I was feeling
as the God is giving back my life, I kicked it
furiously, Enfield’s voice made her little bit afraid,
to this she put her hands on my shoulders, How
lucky I was, Now it was my responsibility to take her
for an awsm ride, I made her introduce several
places like Jantar-Mantar, Qutub-Minar, Red Fort,
Lotus Temple as she was new to this, as she was
from Maharashtra. We tasted several street-works,
ice-creams, Dosa, Bhaturriey, Tikki-Chaant etc a
lot…., It will be correct to say, that day we were
moving with 3 things, 1st was food, 2nd
 was new
places & 3rd was our growing friendship….. I didn’t
want my wrist watch to run, I wanted that moment
to freeze forever, but you can’t, you can’t freeze the
moments, the good time, the time you are living at
peak of happiness, joys a lot & reality associated
with the good time is that it never remains ‘good’,
after driving about 4 hours & a lot of full-toooo
masti, At about 6:00 p.m., I dropped her at girl’s
Hostel & she pointed her finger to one of the room,
precisely Room No.-13 calling her room just in
front of mine, Chanakya’s 13, I also made her
introduce to my room by pointing the finger, She
thanked me for giving her that day about 2 years of
continuously studies for entrance, But it was me
who had to say thanks to her for giving me that day
since my birth, I wanted to say thanks to her but I
couldn’t, For the first time, it was very different,
very new feeling for me, when there was no words
left for me to use, all I could give was a smiling
face, I kicked my bike, this time very lightly as my
heart-beat had stopped, I dove back to the
hostel………….. ”
Yaadi, “ Oh! My Hero!, You were nearly died haan
?, Hahaa……. Even you were unable to say thanks to
her………, Did my iron-boy rust ???? ”
Chirag,” I still don’t know what was it, but whatever
it was, it was my life’s best gift, After parking, my
bike, I reached my room, without caring about
anything, I went straight to window, Ya… Yipeee…
There was she, she was using her Laptop, with
headphones, I was thinking that, what she would be
feeling about my behavior to her, more accurately
about me, Suddenly Arjun called for me, I behaved
as if I was just taking some fresh air, when I entered
in my room, Arjun & Deepak both were
studying……. What the f**k, they started studies,
from the very first day, I shouted on them with 
some friendly words, which you often use with your
buddies, Deepak (Mechanical Engineering student)
was copying class-notes to fair registers, Arjun(ECE
student) was doing some sort of assignment, He
told me that we had to submit it by tomorrow,
Again what the f**k, the very first day of our
academic session & we were burdened with
assignments, Now I got to know, why everyone
gives special emphasis on engineering word,
Assignments greets your first day, I was not going
to complete it, frustrating from that trend, I left the
room again, I kicked enfield & drove straight to
OAT (Open Air Theater : Some sort of open air in
engineering college, which lowers the burden of
word engineering, where you can relax yourself
……….) ”
With this, Chirag throws the 4
th
 bud & goes to the
kitchen………. 
Cigarette : 5





 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 10:00 p.m..
Chirag lights his 5
th
 cigarette, In kitchen he is frying
rice, preparing Sand-witches, a coffee cup, with a
plate decorated with all these food items, he comes
out…………….
Thank God! Engineering colleges have some places
like OAT, where you can relax yourself, I was just
parking my bike, A voice came…..
“Hey, You Park it & come fast here.”, One unknown
face asked.
“O.K.”, I replied.
They were seniors might be 2nd,3rd year, there was a
junior, of my year… He was telling them an essay on
‘Taj Mahal’, They asked him to make 5 sentence on
it…… & He was trying to make as –
1.Taj Mahal was built by Shajahaan, in memory of
his wife.
2.Taj Mahal is made up of marble.
3.Taj Mahal is situated in Agra, U.P..
4.Every year, lot of tourist visit Taj Mahal. 
5.Taj Mahal is among the top 7 wonders of the
world……
But to my surprise they were laughing at each
sentence, I was feeling that after spending 1 or 2
years at AIT, they became mad as they were
laughing furiously at simple sentences, But I too
laughed when, one of them asked the same boy to
use 2 words,” MY ___________” (Author : You can fill
it by your choice, which can make you laugh a
lot…… lolz…….) instead of Taj Mahal, & repeat the
sentence……
He repeated the sentences as….
1.MY ___________ was built by Shajahaan, in
memory of his wife.
2.MY ___________ is made up of marble.
3.MY ___________ is situated in Agra, U.P..
4.Every year, lot of tourist visit MY ___________ .
5.MY ___________ is among the top 7 wonders of
the world……
This time they were laughing, not just laughing but
dancing, enjoying his each sentence 1 by 1, I was
stood still, with no emotions on my face, One of
them asked me to take a sip of a burning cigarette,
I simply refused as I had no smoking experience till
then, They were behaving as my refusal had invited
a storm for me, I simply warned them, that I am not
here for their enjoyment, I am here for my
enjoyment, So, I requested them to provide way to
me & the same boy , They couldn’t resist my harsh
proposal, they allowed him to leave but not me, as
one of the senior wanted my bike’s ride, Too this I
could refuse also but the way he requested, I gave
him the key, Some of the seniors then interacted
with me, they were not so serious as they were
pretending, One of the senior again urged me to
take a sip, knowing me a wealthy fellow, I again
refused, Then he told me the significance of
cigarette to one’s life, He told………
Cigarette is something, which kisses your lips, very
softly, it burns to tackle your pain, some hardkissers complete up its length in few minutes, Some
swift-kissers take their time they make smoke to
exit out in circles, In engineering or in this life, we
pass through very situations when we are all alone,
there is no one for caring us, we kisses it & being a
very true partner it plays its role, it will never leave
you till death, though you may betray her , It’s true 
that it will take your life, it will exponentially
subtract seconds from your life, & ya it should be,
it’s we are who, who choose her, but what’s our
fault, We have no such true loving partner like her,
I am a smoker, No it’s wrong to say, the correct
should be like, My girl friend name is ‘CIGARETTE’,
It is simple she loves me & I love her, The only thing
I need from her is Just One Word, Love……
Smoking is injurious to health , This novel is a Smoking is injurious to health , This novel is a
complete fiction, written complete fiction, written tion, written just to entertain you…. just to entertain you…. just to entertain you….
The way he defined the ‘cigarette’ by giving so
much emphasize to word ‘LOVE’, made me mad,
without wasting even a single second, a kissed her
for the very first time, it was very amazing feeling,
initially I was inexperienced, I choked my throat,
But later it was so simple & easy, Even this feeling
urged me to kiss at least a cigarette every day, I just
thanked that senior, realizing that once he might
have gone through the same world, which I had …..
I took my keys back & drove straight to the hostel….
On the very next morning, I woke up early, I
dressed well, you can say it for Drishti, Along with
Arjun & Deepak, I left for Breakfast, Milk was very
cold, Bread was half-baked, no clue of salt, But still
it was tasting excellent in company of friends,
Deepak took way for ME block & Arjun & I,
diverted towards ECE block, First 2 lectures were
very boring, 1st of thermodynamics, 2nd of
chemistry, 3rd one of Information Technology
whose teacher had expelled me from last class
asked for assignment, I was guillotined again, Even
Drishti after spending a lot of time with me last
day, had made it complete, these girls can do
everything, it is always we boys who suffer, As a
consequence, I was expelled again……………
This thing went for the whole semester, I was
continuously expelled by one or other professor, in
crime of incomplete assignment, asking questions,
staring outside window or staring at someone,
coming late… I was just remembering my schooldays, I had never expelled from the class for such
reasons, Engineering classes instead of teaching
technology, teaches you the discipline & rules &
regulation most, However I was trying to tackle
them all with one cigarette at night about 12:30
a.m. at hostel terrace secretly, But in this there was
a sort of enjoyment, As it made me happy to do my 
work in my own ways, I hardly completed any
project, even my Physics, Chemistry practical files
were completely red, Just because I hadn’t shown
x,y axis in graph or I forgot to mention date of
experiment, Why they don’t give so much
importance to experiment instead of giving it to
file, They hardly teach anything & expect us to give
them answers which they like, Even if one dares to
give them some correct explanation, his marks gets
subtracted for giving extra-explanation, may be
this sort of behavior makes you independent, you
now start study by your own, may be this is what
Engineering makes us, self-dependent………………
The first semester was coming to an end, what I just
know was my subject names, how to make file, how
to behave during viva time, how to decorate
assignments, how to beg for short attendance, what
the word mass-bunk makes you feel, even TOPA
Technology which we adopt to make engineering
sheets in just 25 minutes, not a bad deal it sounds….
Only 1 week was left for our end semester
examination, Deepak was studying as if he got less
than 9 pointer, he would be buried alive straight
100 feet deep, Arjun was a cool fellow, he hardly 
took any tension, he used to study for very short, he
was clever too, instead of going through the
complete syllabus, he prefer to study selectively….
I was not giving any importance to exam, as the
subject I had read were PCM, with proper reasons
& concepts but in Engineering, there was no scope
for concept, If there was some then in front of the
vast syllabus it was small, There were things you
can’t understand, if you tried it would take a
complete day of yours, so we prefer to leave it, It
was just mixed, So instead of reading those books, I
used to go through yet another book, Facebook,
During that time, There was not even a single status
from any student, It was looking like all AIT
students had deactivated their accounts for that
exams period, It was around 2:00 a.m. Still, all the
hostel lights were on, everyone was focusing on
their studies, No one was looking outside there at
campus, all were there in their hostel-rooms, I took
my laptop & went to terrace, I first completed my
cigarette & with the help of binoculars, I focused it
to Drishti’s room, she was doing something on her
laptop, I was a regular visitor of her facebook id
(with M. Jackson’s Image at her profile picture 
column), But you know girls, they almost hide
everything except their profile picture, which you
can’t click, their college name, their current city &
a one line sentence describing themselves……. I
gathered strength & I sent her request, about 4
months after our first meeting, & suddenly It got
accepted, Oh My God, I again focused the
binoculars, she might be using Facebook on her
Laptop, She was online, ….. Before I could type
anything, a chat column appears, showing Drishti
Jain at top………
Drishti,” Hi ☺”
Chirag,” Hi ☺ ☺ ”
Drishti,” Howz ur preparation ?”
Chirag,” Just thinking about, when should I start ?”
Drishti,” Wht r u saying??? U hvn’t started ?”
Chirag,” I don’t know about our syllabus…..”
Drishti,” Oh freak! Get it from Arjun, I had sent
him…. He is also online……..”
Chirag,” O.K., I’ll take, & u needn’t worry he is my
roomy……” 
Drishti,” Wht, he never told me about you……”
I was just shocked, might be Arjun was a boy who
hardly liked to talk about the things which are not
relevant to him at a particular time…….
Chirag,” May be you haven’t asked him….. So you
both are just friends or …………”
( Just to clear my doubt, was something going
between them……. )
Drishti, “ R u mad ???? What else can you think
except friends………”
Chirag (Changing the track),” No, I just want to
know that you both are from same city, same school
(St. Martha Public school), You may know each
other very well…….. ”
Drishti,” So, How do you know about my school ??
Do you talk about me with Arjun ??? ”
Chirag,” No… No…. No….. I never talked about you
with anyone, I just read your school-name, there at
your profile……… & neither Arjun had ever talked
about you with me……… So tell howz ur preparation
???????? ” 
Drishti,” Just today I have completed ………. Now
revising…….”
Chirag,” Completed what…..????”
Drishti,” Obviously yaar, Syllabus…….”
Chirag,” Compete Syllabus….. ???”
Drishti,” Haan, Yaar…. Tera bhi ho jayega, Tension
na le……”
How fast these girls are, I don’t know syllabus & she
had completed it with one week in hand, Kitna
padhti hain ye……….
Chirag,” Ek baat bolu………”
Drishti,” Bol na, Bindass……..”
Chirag,” Thanks……”
Drishti,” Bas……. Haha… Ab ye bhi bta de, ki kis
liye…….? ☺”
Chirag,” For giving me that day, It was the day for
which I was living for…… Thanks again…..”
Drishti,” Hey! Hey! Hey!, Why are you so formal….
Yaar, it was not only you who enjoyed, I too was on
the same train…… I hv to say thnk to u……..” 
Chirag,” Achha ek baat aur bolu…….. Nhi balki ek
sach aur bolu……….”
Drishti,” Sach me ab thappad maar dungi, jo bolna
hai seedhey bol……… Dubara permission maangi to
aagey k daant nhi rahengeiy…….”
Chirag,” Us din se pehley, itna khush apney aap ko
pehleiy mainey kabhi nhi dekha tha, main nhi
jaanta vo kya tha, par vo jo kuch bhi tha, mai usiey
vaisey hi chahunga,………. Kya kisi ki nazriey
dekhney k baad koi so nhi sakta, kya kisi ki ek
musqaan tumhariey saariey zakhmo par marhum
lagaa sakti hai……….. Jo mainey feel kiya, vo bayaan
kiya hai & one truth more, You are so beautiful…….”
I typed all this and pressed enter, I was very afraid,
Quickly I logged-out, as I had no strength to face
her…. I was focusing using binoculars, She was
sitting on the chair & Now, she was reading what I
typed, She smiled, Ya she smiled…….
She went to her bed along with laptop, there was a
smile on her face, a smile for which I started living
for, Now she was typing, without making that smile
to fade out, I again logged-in, seeing that she was
happy too………There was a message, & she had offlined………
Drishti,” Oh, My goodness, Yaar tu vaisa nhi hai
jaisa maine socha tha, ek rich boy jo bas apni lifestyle se pareshaan hai, jiskey apniey koi emotions
nhi hain, But yaar you are completely different as
equally as you look different, & yaar you writes like
a poet, lines full of love & sentiments, Tu itna hi
chahta hai na ki koi tere saath time spend kariey,
Yaar fir ye dost kab kaam aayegi, & one thing more
I also likes your company, Tension na le exam over
ho jaane de, fir kahin ghumney chalengey…………..
Chal ab soja…..
Gud Nyt…… Take car…… Sweet dreams…….. ☺ ☺”
Was I dreaming….. No, It was reality, I could feel 12
degree Celsius temperature at hostel terrace, She
was preparing for sleep, but I couldn’t, I just laid
down, there at hostel terrace, staring continuously
at her, that whole complete night…………
With this Chirag throws the 5
th
 bud & makes
himself ready for 6
th
 one……….. 

Cigarette : 6

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
12 Dec, 2012 ; 11:00 p.m..
Yaadi,” This is not fair Friend, You were too busy
with the last cigarette, even you didn’t allow me to
speak…..”
Chirag,” Sorry Dear, I got just little bit deep, Again
sorry for that…….. After all I was passing through
two things simultaneously, One is this cigarette &
second one is Drishti……..”
Yaadi,” Oh! This was how your first complete
introduction went with your lovely cigarette &
Drishti……. So what next was waiting for you….”
Chiraag,” Ya, it was surely a good night for me, but
that night gifted me a high fever in return, But it
was a fair deal to me, I also started studying with
Arjun, though it was boring but I had no options, I
downloaded some guitar tutorials & started
practicing them at night, with same venue : Hostel
Terrace + Binoculars, as after exams I wanted to
present a song to Drishti, I was learning guitar very
fast, faster than Electrical subject, Guitar makes you
feel like you are the one whom this world 
demanding for, My binoculars gifted me Drishti’s
daily routine, her each & every moment I was living
too……..”
Yaadi,” Great yaar, Agar binoculars ki discovery hui
nhi hoti, to tu zaruur kar deta……… ”
Chirag,” Hahaha….. Now it was the time for exams,
one by one without any break, each day I found
myself to be cut in several pieces, even I was trying
to collect just 40 marks, to make the subjects clear,
It was just set pattern, some derivations, numerical
with invalid data, theoretical portion like we were
studying History etc, Just opposite to what we
studied in 11th & 12th, If you are ‘Born-Engineer’
then & only then, you can cope up with such
papers, At the end of that week, like an eclipse for
me, I was nearly died & even this was not over, it
was again time for practicals, where the worst part I
felt was viva, they never taught like they took viva,
they asked questions like they had taught you
everything, every aspect of that subject…… I tried
but I surrendered in front of their questions, With
each practical ending there, I was feeling the ray of
hope declaring the end of first semester, with
complete freedom…………” 
Yaadi,” Ya, I know how it feels, after spending
weeks like this, you find yourself very relaxed, So
Then after exams ???”
Chirag,” After exams, again my chat inbox became
green, almost every student of AIT was online that
day, So, was Drishti, I remembered her promise,
promise that she would spend time with me, I
typed….. ”
Chirag,” Hi Drishti !!!!!!”
Drishti,” Hi, How were d xams ????”
( Why these girls just don’t leave the exams, Every
time they make the boys like us feel sad, we expect
them to talk about something about life, they still
make us stick at exams ……. )
Chirag,” Just managed to cross the border…..”
Drishti,” Border…….???? ”
Chirag,” I mean to say, 40 marks…. Anyway r u
doing something tonight ????”
Drishti,” Just packing the things, Daddy has made
reservation for me & Arjun is also joining me too,
from New Delhi, day after tomorrow….” 
Chirag,” This is not fair, You had promised me
naaa…… & Now you & Arjun going home, Deepak
is also leaving tonight, Why can’t you all celebrate
1
st sem end with me….. ???? I’ll become alone
again……..”
Drishti,” Sorry yaar, Dad’s call, I can’t do anything,
Koi nhi yaar kal ka pura din to hai, hamare pass, We
will make it rock…..”
Chirag,” Bas 1 din…….”
Drishti,” Don’t take it as 1 day, take it as 24 hours….
☺ ☺ ☺ ☺”
Chirag, “ Accha ye baat, to fir theek kai, Let it make
24*60*60 seconds………… ”
Drishti,” Ha ha ha……..”
Chirag,” & 1 thing more be ready for a surprise…
See you sharp at 7:00 a.m. at OAT……..”
Drishti,” Sure, I love surprises…… I’ll wait, Just tell
me, How would you like me to dressed-up with….”
Chirag,” Just be as simple as you are, My friend
Drishti jain……. O.K….. Gud nyt…. ☺ ☺ Acheiy se
packing kar lo……. Ab disturb nhi karunga……” 
Drishti,” Cool, Gud Nyt…. ☺ Just waiting for
tomorrow….. ☺ ☺…..”
That complete night, I couldn’t sleep, I went to
terrace, enjoyed a cigarette, put fire over some
wooden logs & started practicing the song which I
wanted to present her as surprise with guitar
notes……..
Yaadi,” Oh! So Nice!, How were you feeling? More
importantly, which song you were gifting her.. ?? ”
Chirag,” I can’t express those feelings in words, all I
could do was just practice as hard as was possible
for me, I continued that session till 4:00 a.m. like as
tomorrow was my JEE exam, I’m sure if I would had
studied like this for my semester exams, I surely had
got a pointer of 10, Anyway I quickly responded to
alarm for the first time in my life at 5:30 a.m., I
practiced my song again, She was still sleeping (My
binoculars told me), I went for a quick shower, I
dressed myself as best as I could, Arjun was also
dressing himself, My driver had already parked Tata
Sumo on my call at time, I along with Arun & my
guitar boarded into it & drove straight to OAT,
There she was, looking as pretty as always, as calm
as always, Even often it became impossible for me
to break eye contact with her, She too boarded in,
with me & Arjun at front & she at back, Now it was
my responsibility to make a day for them,
specifically for her, I boosted my car straight to,
Appu Ghar Amusement Park Appu Ghar Amusement Park, Pragati Maidan : it is
probably one of the first amusement park with so
many rides and is quite popular among families…. I
just wanted to ride with her, we went for several
rides, we all 3 screamed, shouted, laughed &
enjoyed a lot, We tasted lots of food items, icecreams…. Arjun showed his one of the form, he was
very good in mimicking, He was copying various
film-stars, about first 6 hours were so amazing that
they passed like a second, then I headed my car to
Dilli Haat : Dilli Haat is a combination of food plaza
and craft bazaar located in the heart of Delhi, I
gifted some craft works to Arjun & Drishti, We
enjoyed the flavor of Chaant, Then to relax, I
diverted the car towards Lotus Temple :It is the
temple built in a flowerlike shape and hence
commonly known as Lotus temple, It is the Bahai
community Temple, What an awsm place it is, we
experienced complete silence, even if you know 
about meditation, you can feel your heart beat,
then after making ourselves cool & calm, it was
time to give her surprise, I drove straight to Dublin
Club, where the party was on, Everyone was busy in
rocking the floor, I made Arjun to busy there, He
too responded to it, he was like an all-rounder, he
was dancing like a professional Hip-hop dancer,
but the point to focus was her, I asked her to come
with me to just enjoy the fresh air outside the club,
She smiled, She too was waiting for the surprise, I
gifted her a small key-ring guitar with Drishti
written at its back, I took my guitar from car, I sat
down on knees & with guitar I sung 4 lines which I
had prepared for her………
“Maine Sada Chaaha Yehi
Daaman Bacha Loon Haseenon Se Main
Teri Kasam Khwaabon Mein Bhi
Bachta Fira Naazneenon Se Main
Tauba Magar Mil Gayi Tujhse Nazar
Mil Gaya Dard-E-Jigar
Sun Zara O Bekhabar
Zara Sa Haske Jo Dekha Tune
Main Tera Bismil Ho Gaya
Gulaabi Aankhen Jo Teri Dekhi
Sharaabi Yeh Dil Ho Gaya
Sambhaalo Mujhko O Mere Yaaron
Sambhalna Mushkil Ho Gaya……………………………….” 
Yaadi,” Solid Bro, Pura gaa diya ??? Maan gaye….
Kya reaction tha uska ??? Vo to fida ho gayi hogi….
Jaldi bta……”
Chirag,”I too expected the same, but first she
clapped & then she started laughing, laughing like I
joked in front of her…… She told that my voice was
awsm but not the way I played guitar as my guitar
notes were not matching with words, then to my
surprise, She asked me to sing again & she started
playing the guitar, like she was playing it since
birth….. ( What is this haan, these girls are even
better than boys….. Is there any field where they
haven’t reached……. ), I was feeling totally
ashamed of myself, my whole practice session was
there shattered into pieces….. She further made me
aware about the fact that she was a very good
guitarist during her school-days, even Arjun
suddenly came & started exploring her
performances at St. Martha, even he accepted that
he too was a fan of her, the way she used to play
guitar, was something different for others, Though
the whole complete day went awsm with wonderful
start but not the end, all I could do was just to drive
back to AIT……..” 
Yaadi,” Hard Luck haan… But who can expect her to
be an excellent guitarist, Kuch bhi keh yaar Ladki
takkar ki thi….. Then next day, How did you bid
them farewell? ”
Chirag,”Ya you can say it as Hard Luck, but I don’t
consider it to be hard, as when I dropped her at
girl’s hostel (after dropping Arjun), seeing my face
sad, she told that she knew how much I had
practiced for her, as she knew guitar is not so
simple as it sounds, She appreciated my hard-work
& to my surprise She promised me that she would
teach me guitar from second semester…….. At that
moment I was on the top of heaven, not only
because she would teach me guitar, but mainly
because I would spend time with her, Oh! That
promise, That promise increased my wait for arrival
of 2nd semester, I just said bye & turned back
towards car, But suddenly she hugged me, I was
puzzled with no emotions, I didn’t know how to
react, Then she said thanks to me for giving her
that day, & much more for that wonderful song..... ”
With this Chirag starts dancing, he is unaware of
the condition he is living with, he is feeling as if he
is there at AIT, just close to Drishti, He is humming 
the same song which he dedicated to her, he finds
himself very relaxed & he is appreciating his
decision, decision of sharing his written copy with
Yaadi, as by this mean he is able to live again…….
Yaadi,” Yaar, Sach me usiey teri aawaaz pasand
aayi, Balley-Balley…. Teri practice zaaya nhi gayi….
Mai uus lamheiy ko mehsuus kr skta hun………”
Chirag,” That was one of the best moment of my
Life………”
Chirag went to Bedroom & comes up with another
photo album, He shows Yaadi each & every photo
of that day one by one, Even he is so busy in
showing those photos that he forgets to kiss his
burning cigarette, he is describing each & every
photo in detail, There at rides, at Dilli Haat, at
Lotus Temple, at song dedication……….
Chirag,” I wish, I could freeze that moment, But this
almighty doesn’t allow anyone to freeze moments
of joys, otherwise how would one be aware with
feeling of sorrows, If there is no bad time, then how
would one say a time to be good……… Anyhow I
told her that I will drop her to the station along
with Arjun tomorrow, by giving her smile, I came 
back to hostel room, I was feeling drowned, as
something is moving away from me, there would
not be someone’s presence from tomorrow, Arjun
had done his packing, he was sleeping as the whole
day had made us exhausted, I went to terrace,
there she was, there she was smiling in front of
mirror, packing happily his remaining articles, she
was very happy, It was difficult for me to judge her
mental state, she was happy because of me or
because of going home back, you can’t predict any
girl’s mental state, She made light off, It made me
impatient, tomorrow she wouldn’t be in front of my
eyes, what else would I do…. This thought made me
restless & invited me for the first time to go for half
a dozen cigarettes consecutively, one by one I
finished the whole packet & again in memory of
her, I went for sleep, Next morning Arjun was there
with all his things packed, I done my packing too,
we along with Drishti (who this time sat beside me,
Arjun at back) drove towards station, But I was not
making any eye-contact with her, even I was trying
to focus my mind straight to the steering wheel &
road outside, as I didn’t want to carry the memories
of her to the graveyard back, within 45 minutes, 
station arrived, I helped her in carrying her articles,
I didn’t want to go with them to the train, but I
couldn’t resist myself when she asked me to
company her to the train, we were discussing about
the ups, downs, sweet & sour memories came along
with end of 1st sem, With a loud horn, their train
arrived, Arjun along with Drishti ( My heart piece)
boarded into it, with a jerk train accelerated, she
was waving her hand, I was just smiling, Arjun once
saluted, But what happened to me, I started
running, finding her to be going away from me, I
was running as fast as I could, remembering me my
early days at football court, She was yelling at me
to stop, But I didn’t, I matched my speed with her
window & with full strength I asked for her phone
number, She replied,”” Achha ab yaad aa rha hai,
pehley nhi maang sakta tha, its 9911….. ”, only I
heard first 4 digits, as train accelerated more & I
lost the race, but I kept on running just to get her
smile untill the platform ended….”
Yaadi,” Yaar itni jaldi, koi kisi se itna pyaar kaisey
kar sakta hai, sirf 4 mahino me, Yaar tu to tuut gya
hoga, sab ghar jaakar khush hoteiy hain, par ghar
par to tere liye kuch bacha hi nhi tha…... ” 
Suddenly Chirag becomes sad, a little bit depressed
with emotions, even he forgets to use graveyard
instead of word ‘ghar’, he kisses the same golden
chain with ‘C+D’ marked on it, remembering
someone, He is using the same laptop, he is visiting
someone’s profile, looking like Drishti Sharma’s
profile, There is a time line cover, It is looking like a
complete family, there is a married women with her
husband, along with a small daughter & a son……
There is a guitar’s image there at profile picture,
Chirag is kissing that married women, his eyes
turned wet again, he suddenly logged out…….. He
is moving to & fro in the room, He washes his face,
He is now combing his hair, giving them a genltle
style, His eyes are looking red but tears have
stopped falling, He is using his guitar, he is
humming songs to make him feel better, Now he is
looking fine, He is continuously staring at cigarette
packet, he takes out another cigarette & lights it….. 

Cigarette : 7

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 12:00a.m..
Yaadi,” Hey buddy, My Rockstar, Leave it Yaar, So
tell me, How did you feel on returning to that
graveyard haan… ??”
Yaadi,” Speak Bro, otherwise I’ll not talk to you…..”
Chirag,” I’m just coming, Please wait for me…..”
Chirag again opens his laptop, He updates a status
at facebook……
‘ I’m going to marry tonight…. ‘
Like this status will help him to console himself……
He finds himself completely fine, after updating
that ‘sentence’, He goes back to Yaadi & continues
the conversation…….
Chirag,” Ya, I drove back straight to backyard
again, But this time there were several changes, My
father had became even more busy, My mom was
at some tour since last week, There were some new
faces in servants, I was feeling very pathetic that
night, Hostel terrace had made me habitual of
open space at top of a building from where 
everything looks calm & clear, I went to my terrace
put fire on wooden pieces & started taking revenge
with guitar, I practiced very hard in order to prove
myself to her, But next morning was little different,
My status at end of sem had made all my school
friends aware of the fact that I was currently in
Ghaziabad, They in a group came to my house with
various gifts, enjoying my return back, But what I
never expected was, among them there was one
old face, It was Mayank, with a pen as Gift to me, I
behaved normally as I used to behave with them &
him too, but this time I didn’t give him any
importance, Mentally I was feeling very relaxed
now but my heart was not supporting mental state,
However along with friends you can have reasons
to avoid your heart, We all gossiped about the
changes in ourselves, in our life-styles, about
engineering colleges, that we were all
experiencing, We met teachers whose role was
very crucial in building the foundation for us, we
were looking each other & remembering about the
school days, Meenakshi, Radhika, Sneha, Srishti all
were completely changed, some with medical
colleges & some with B.Sc courses, all were looking
very beautiful with different hair-styles, but not
beautiful than Drishti (Thinking to myself), Then we
went to play Golf, at my Dad’s farm House, We
enjoyed & this went continuously for one week,
During day-time friends company filled the void of
my heart, but at late-night, I needed her company,
Even she hadn’t used facebook since a long, Last
time she had used was at AIT, One day, I logged in
as usual to visit her profile, She uploaded some pics
( Pics of our last trip with me & Arjun, Drishti) the
same day, means she had used facebook that day,
but there was no message in my inbox, But ya, in
notifications she tagged me in those images, It was
about 1:00 a.m., She came online……. I didn’t type
anything but I eagerly waiting for her message…. As
I expected……”
Drishti,” Hi, Chiru…… ☺ ☺”
( Why this girls use Chiru, Chiru is like sweet for
them or Chirag makes them angry……)
Chirag,” Hi, But aaj muje kaisey yaad kar liya, haan?
Aur ye Chiru kya laga rakha hai…….” 
Drishti,” Ariey le le le, mera baabu mujhse naaraaz
hai, Mai kya ek dost honeiy k naateiy koi nick-name
nhi de sakti……..”
Her way of speaking, always makes me her fan, I
spit my anger within seconds & In fact, I can’t treat
her rudely any long, at any cost……
Chirag,” Yaar Nhi bas, Kisi k intzaar me ye palkeiy
thak gain thi, is nadaan ko abhi ruthna sahi se nhi
aata, ye maasuum is dil ki sun khud ko kaed kar
baithta hai……… ”
Drishti,” Hmmmm………. Yaar raat ko tujhey kya ho
jaata hai, din bhar tu normal rehta hai, aur raat ko
ek saath shayar ban jaata hai…. Kya baat hai, hum
bhi to jaanein……”
Chirag,” Is sawaal ka jawaab to mai bhi dhundh rha
hun, shayad ho sakta hai, raat me mai apne dimaag
kin hi dil ki sunta hun…….”
Drishti,” Is dil ki baat ham bhi to jaaneiy ye kya
kehna chahta hai……..”
Chirag,”To theek hai, mai koshish karta hun…….
Lamhey ko tairtiy hui kashti me musqurate huey
dekha, 
Kal kuch paa lene ki aas ko sapno me yun sawarte
huey dekha....
Kuch sach ye dil haqikat bayaan kar dene ki chahat
rakhta hai,
Bas jab se us chehrey par khilti hui hasi ko
dekha........”
Drishti,” Nice lines ….. Yaar….. Tere saath jo bhi
rahegi hamesha Khush Rahegi, you are a nice guy,
even best when it comes to heart……. Pta nhi vo
kismat waali kaun hogi….. ”
( Are these girls completely mad? I’m dedicating to
her & she can’t see my love for her, She is replying
like I’m interested in one of her friend, instead of
her…. God knows what these girls are, impossible
for me to define , Even you don’t try, you will also
remain unanswered……….)
Her reply confused me, Now, I couldn’t be more
straight forward than I was. I just typed….
Chirag,” Ariey yaar itney din se kahaan thi, koi
message to kar sakti thi……….”
Drishti,” Sorry…. Very very Sorry for that, I was on
trip with my family, Goa, & you know Arjun’s family
too have joined us, His father & my father are
business partners, He is a very cool guy, He dances
like my favorite M.J., even he taught me M.J.’s
signature step, You know, we played volley-ball at 
beach, it was just excellent tour……. I wish, you
would have joined us, then it would be……..”
I was just shattered into pieces, I had no words to
type, Even it became impossible for me to say Gud
Nyt to her, I tried my best to manage……..
Chirag,” Yaar need bahut aa rahi hai, Chal soney jaa
raha hun, Gud Nyt……..”
Drishti,” O.K. Gud Nyt, Sweet dreams…… Take
care…… ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺……”
I made myself offline, though I didn’t logged it out,
I said to her that I’m going to sleep, But reality was
that I couldn’t sleep, even at about 3:00 a.m. all
went for sleep, My chat box was showing only two
persons online & as I expected, they were Arjun &
Drishti, My whole facebook friends who were never
my friends were sleeping & my best friends were
still their giving the company, not to me but to
each other…….

Yaadi,” Yaar hud hoti hai, tunhey bhi dil diya to
kisey, tu yahaan in lakkdiyoein k saath jal rha tha
aur vo vahan Volleyball enjoy kar raheiy they,
tujhey guitar sikhaaney ki jagah khud Dance seekh
rahi hai……… Mujhse aankhein mila, Yaar apney
chehrey ko dekh jitna tu us par nhi marta utna tujh
par kitni ladkiyaan fidaa hoti hongi, is baat ka 
andaaza hai tujhey…….. Yaar tujhey khud ko pyaar
karna chahiye tha na ki usey, jise teri har baat sirf
ek baat hi lagti thi……..”
Chirag,” Tu bilkul bachha hai, kaafi nadaan aur
nasamajh hai, Yaar agar ye Ishq karna apney bus me
hi hota na, fir ye aashiqui nhi hoti, ye sirfira pan nhi
hota, koi zidd nhi hoti, jeeney ki wajah nhi hoti, Dil
sirf jeeney k liye dhadhkata, saans kuch mehsuus
nhi kiya kar sakti………….. Yaar, Kaash kisi tutteiy
hue taareiy se uska saath maanga hota, Kaash kisi
mandir-masjid par uske saath saat janmo tk jeeney
k waadiey kiye hoteiy…. Kaash………”
Yaadi,” Hey, don’t regret, if you believe in God,
then believe everything gonna be alright…….”
Chirag,” No, Nothing can be alright, Time has done
its work, All I & you can do is live till last breathe… ”
Yaadi,” Then Buddy, why aren’t you enjoying your
girl-friend (cigarette) in hand, She is all yours……
Leave Drishti…. Yaar……. & Continue the journey,
Complete it in time …….”
Chirag by his own last sentence provides himself
consolation, He is well set to witness his day, His
birthday, Ya it’s 13,December,2012…. Chirag &
Yaadi’s Birthday, Chirag closes the copy by putting
a pen in between those pages, he was on, he goes 
to kitchen & brings a cake piece, & starts
celebrating his birthday…….
Chirag,” Happy Birthday To You, Yaadi…… Happy
Birthday To You………….”
Yaadi,” Happy Birthday To You, Chirag……. Happy
Birthday To You…………..”
Chirag starts dancing, He is praying in front of his
mother’s photo with flowers all around, symbolizing
that she is no more, He is thanking her for giving
him birth, He is sending a message to his father,”
Love u Dad, Missing you now………”, He is again
dancing, enjoying that cake piece, He again takes
his position in front of mirror & starts the journey
again………
Chirag,” Yaadi, where were we ???”
Yaadi,” Your vacations were about to finish, & now
you knew How to play guitar, even much better
than her, as you had practiced a lot…….”
Chirag,” Ya, O.K., I got it, With 2nd sem, I
determined myself that I’ll make her fall in my love,
I’ll try my best to show how much I love her, But the
first thing I had to make sure was, whether my
roomy Arjun loved her or not, It was the first day of
second sem at Hostel, Deepak was this time little
bit fat, as he had ejoyed his vacations a lot, Arjun 
was with a completely different looks, unlike that
of 1st sem, might be it was Goa’s air, We exchanged
a lot of chats that night, even Deepak told us about
a girl with whom he was in secret relationship from
class 10th, we were very frank this time, you can call
The hostel Life was just begun for us right from the
second sem, I indirectly asked questions to Arjun
just to check he loves her or not, But to my surprise
he strictly refused to love her, In straight voice he
told me that they were just friends from school and
nothing more, moreover he told me about the girl
in our class Harshita Negi, whom he liked, clearing
the way for me, How wrong I was about Drishti….. I
hurriedly took my binoculars & went to terrace to
get a glimpse of her, That night I didn’t smoke, I
made a promise to myself if Drishti will accept my
Love, I will never smoke…… She had already gone
for sleep, but now I was desperately waiting for the
next morning to come, During class time, I grasped
the seat behind her & after lunch she was sitting
just next to me, I reminded her about the promise
of teaching me the guitar, She asked me to come
with guitar at 7:00 p.m. at OAT, I was there at sharp
6:55 p.m., waiting for her with Uncle-Chips & coke,
She was 5 minutes late but she was with her guitar,
She started teaching me, I was behaving as I was a
duffer when it comes to learn guitar, so that she
could spend more time with me, though now I 
could play it more sexier than her, this went for
about 1 month, everything was going on my way, I
was leaving my impressions on her, even we started
conversation on phone for very long, Not only
guitar but now subjects like C,C++, Engineering
materials etc she used to teach me, approximately
12 hours a day we used to spend together, &
remaining hours, I used to spend with her too at
night at terrace, My continuous love for terrace
made Deepak aware about what was going with my
heart, He once asked me how much I love her, I just
replied,” If you want, you can check it by marking a
cut to my heart, all you will find is her name, It will
be a sum of Chiraag+Drishti (C+D)……., She is vision
to me……”Further, I asked him to let it secret
between him & me, So that, I could propose her,
when right time came….. Now life was going my
way, Even now when you have a sweet caring
partner like her engineering can’t make you feel
burdened, Even her love made me to betray my
soul-mate (Cigarette), even the whole semester, I
didn’t smoke, as usual it was time for end of 2nd
sem, Again the exams created the gap between us,
She hardly came out of her room, Again I had to
take aid from cigarette, But one thing good was,
About 1:00 she always came online for half an
hour…….
Chirag,” Hi, ☺….. Looking so busy…… ☺ ☺” 
Drishti,” Ya, little bit I hvn’t revised my syllabus…..”
Chirag,” You hv once completed then y r u so
taking so much tension…..”
Drishti,” Sorry, but It’s in my blood to take
everything seriously………”
Chirag,” Ya, you take everything seriously but not
everyone, Right ?”
Drishti,” What do you mean to say, haan?”
Chirag,” Just leave it, it has nothing to do with your
exams, Study hard as you studied for 1st sem, I’ll
pray for you…. ”…..”
Drishti,” Now, y r u changing the topic??? Haann…
What do you mean by word ‘everyone’…….”
Chirag,” Look, there is something above than the
word friendship……..”
Drishti,” Then I don’t want to know about it, all I
need is my best buddy, Chirag Garg with whom I
like to spend my time…….”
Chirag,” O.K., Mam…. Just calm down, I got your
point…… Still there are 3 more years, I’ll try my best
to……..”
Drishti,” Wht are you talking about, What try, can
you make it clear……” 
I had not so much courage at that time to go
straight, I started diverting the conversation…..
Chirag,” I mean to say, I’ll try my best to make you
smile, forever, Even my whole life……. Anyway, So
you like surprises Haan???....”
Drishti,” Ya, Of course, r u planning any surprise for
me, haan?? ”
Chirag,” Can you meet me tomorrow ?”
Drishti,” Sorry I have to study a lot, I can’t come
outside the hostel….. Sorry again ☺”
Chirag,” Who the hell wants you to come out the
hostel,……. ? ☺ ☺”
Drishti,” Oh My God!, You will come to my hostel,
Chirag will come to the Girl’s Hostel, Say you are
joking……..”
Chirag,” So, then be ready, see you tomorrow
morning, Till then good night, & Before going to
bed, 4 lines for you……..
Har pal khushi un jaisy kyun nhi,
Dil ki pukaar us tk pahunchti kyun nhi,
Jaane-anjaaney me vo samajhti kyun nhi,
Vo duur jo gai…. Vo duur jo gai……..
Is dil ki khushi khud me kaed ho gai………. …”
Drishti,” Are you flirting with me, Haan ??”
Thinking to myself, Mai to kab se kar rha hun, isey
ab lag rha hai……
Chirag,” Not at all, Kya ek dost apney dost ko kuch
lines dedicate nhi kar sakta…… Don’t make it too 
much complicated, just enjoy dreams Gud Nyt… ☺
Bye…… See you tomorrow, at sharp 8:00 a.m…..”
Drishti,” O.K. Gud Nyt Chiru….. ☺”
Again Chiru, what she thinked about me, Who was I
for her? , A joker who something like time pass,
Why sometimes she behaved like she was soul mate
& sometimes she was just a class-mate ……..
I had promised her that I’ll will come to her hostel,
But how, at that time, I myself didn’t know,
However, I used my engineer brain whole night to
find out a ‘Jugaad’, & it was too simple……..
Yaadi,” What happened?, How did you make it for
girl’s hostel…… ???”
Chirag,” Just wait, I need one more…… Just wait I’m
coming……..”
Chirag goes to bathroom, He refreshes himself,
takes a quick shower, This time he doesn’t wear
anything at top, just a Jeans gifted by his Dad at
bottom, He makes room heater on, as it’s very cold
outside, He is humming a famous song, looking like
an English Song, ‘ My December’ by Linkin Park, He
combs his hair, & takes his 8
th
 cigarette out & lights
it…………. 


Cigarette : 8 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 01:00a.m..
Yaadi,” Please come straight to that morning…….”
Chirag,” I’m coming, I’m coming…. Ya, Everything
went according to my plan, One of the mess worker
at Girls Hostel was ready to exchange his identity
just in 100 bucks, though for Drishti I gave him
5,000 bucks, It was the time for me to act as a mess
worker after working as driver, You Know, It adds
experience to one’s life, What a wonderful scene
was going in their mess, Girls are not so soft & cool
as they look, they are even more harsh when it
comes to food, they need proper baked food even
they eat as we are thankful to them for eating our
food, there was a long line at sharp 8:00 a.m. unlike
in Boy’s Hostel where we leave our bed at 9:00, &
our college authority also betrayed us, they were
not only served better food than us but also they
were properly served, I was serving for them, they
were eating like they hadn’t seen food since a long,
they were coming for more & more, I was sure
workers at Girl’s Hostel would get double salary for
tackling them, Some of girls were laughing at me 
after reckoning me, as they had seen me in campus
time, But for them I was not there, neither for
serving them more & more, I was there for Drishti,
But there was no clue of her, I was feeling very
suffocating, Even her room-mate was coming to me
for more & more food, milk, I asked her about
Drishti, she told that she was not feeling well, She
might me skipping the breakfast, (I was thinking to
myself, might be she took my challenge as joke or a
dream, but anyhow I had to prove right Chirag’s
word…), I asked her room-mate to order me to
fetch her breakfast to her room in front of all, She
went back to her seat & came back for milk &
ordered me as I had told her, Now this had given
me green signal, I decorated her breakfast plate,
with a chocolate by my side, I went straight to her
room, without any difficulty, thanks to my
binoculars, Oh! There She was, She was slipping, I
touched her head, little bit warm, I kissed her hand,
I made her awake, seeing my face just at 1 meter
distance, She started shouting as I had entered her
room by means of pipe, To make her quiet I
covered her mouth with my hands & quickly told
her about How I made it possible…… She then 
became very quiet, She was smiling as for her I was
there, I took her tooth-brush & made her teeth
brushed by my hands, Then I made her eat by my
hands, She was swallowing very slowly unlike girls
do, might be she needs my presence for more time,
I unwrapped the chocolate & put it in her mouth,
she just ate half of it & left it for me, Oh God!, she
had made that 50 rupee chocolate, a chocolate
whose cost no one can decide, even this moon is
less expensive than that chocolate after getting
touched by her lips, I took that chocolate piece &
asked her permission to leave, Then I headed back
to my hostel room, I didn’t go for anything that
whole day, all I was doing was kissing that piece of
chocolate, It took me about 8 hours to complete
that piece, I can’t express that taste to you,
Yaadi………… ”
Yaadi,” But I’m feeling that taste now, you needn’t
to define it, you just continue…. I am experiencing
everything’s taste…… Keep on moving………”
Chirag,” O.K., This was the sweetest memory
associated with 2nd sem, Then again It was time for
exams, we died again for 3 weeks, in middle of 3
hours paper screwing you there & viva question’s 
bazooka blasting over you there at practicals, &
again It was time for separation, But this time I had
a plan, A plan which I was planning since our first
exam of 2nd sem……… ”
Yaadi,” Plan ? Which Plan ? You were going to
celebrate this semester end, somewhere else…..”
Chirag,” Ya, Just enjoy with me…… I hired 2 more
enfields, one for Deepak & one for Arjun, I had
prepared them how to drive enfield, I serviced my
enfield & made all 3 (Arjun, Deepak & Drishti),
aware about my plan & they were very excited too,
It was journey to ‘Lay of Ladhak’ on bikes, straight
from AIT, We packed one-one bag for each &
enfield had enough space to carry them……………”
Lay of Ladhak : Ladakh ("land of high passes") is a
region of Jammu and Kashmir and lies between
the Kunlun mountain range in the north and the
main Great Himalayas to the south, inhabited by
people of Indo-Aryan and Tibetan descent. It is one
of the most sparsely populated regions in Jammu
and Kashmir. They call it "Little Tibet" "Little Tibet" "Little Tibet", not just
because of its geographical proximity to Tibet, but
also because it plays host to several Tibetan cultural 
festivals. Ladakh might be India's most remote
region, but its beauty is incomparable. Stark
mountains dotted with colorful gompas
(monasteries), fluttering prayer flags, rocky ridges,
dry plains and tiny settlements. And adding to its
beauty is the Indus River that seems to have a
different shade for every season. During summer it
turns grayish, owing to its silt deposits, occasionally
turning a shade of violet. Autumn turns it the most
beautiful - shades of aquamarine waters flowing
through orange-flamed poplars and weeping
willows.
There are many ways to reach there from Delhi, but
the most enjoyable way is to do so by road. If you
can drive the distance of about 1075 kilometers,
taking at least 3-4 days, it is sure to be an
experience you will cherish for life. And try to drive
yourself; there is a different thrill to it than being
driven by someone else.
Yaadi,” Ladakh on Bike, Nothing can be better than
that…… Mind-blowing Idea…. Ab to kehna padega
What an Idea, Guru ji…… lolz…… ” 
Chiraag,” For the first day, We left for Kullu or
Manali. It took us about 12 hours to cover the 550
km to Kullu via Ambala, Chandigarh, Roopnagar
(Ropar), Bilaspur and Mandi. Where we took a
hotel room, We were enjoying the trip, I put fire on
some wooden pieces, we were playing Antakshari,
Now it was the time to show my real practice, I
took my guitar & started playing with each & every
song, This made everyone puzzled as now I was
playing like I had been playing it since last 7 births,
Drishti’s heart knew that it was not her style of
playing guitar, it was completely different like her
love’s pain agony had made me to play like this,
Deepak knew my heart, he was making busy Arjun
as long he could, for giving me time to spend with
her, That night she taught me a lot about her, her
likes & dislikes, We were talking without breaking
that eye contact for even a single second, Stars
were glowing very bright, All was set for me to
propose her but I couldn’t, I was afraid of whether
she rejected my proposal, I will surely die, I didn’t
want to lose her, I was just finding myself in her
eyes, then her eyes fell down, I took her to the bed
& covered her with blanket, kissed her forehead, & 
I left for another room where Deepak & Arjun were
already sleeping, Then on next day we headed for
Jispa, located about 145 km from Manali via
Rohtang Pass & continued further 65 km to
Keylong, for lunch break there were shacks along
the way & some restaurants in hotels in Keylong.
Jispa, located at about 10,890 feet, is a strongly
recommended stop to get acclimatized to the
subsequent higher altitude regions where we
stayed at in Ladakh. We took a night halt at Sarchu
about 87 km from Jispa, It was very cold, with
strong windy conditions, We then made run for Leh
from Jispa, about 325 km away. The drive from
Jispa to Leh was worth stopping to admire the
natural features as well as to take pictures. Leh, it
was all right as the terrain, mostly flat and more
densely populated, It was an awsm trip, though
Deepak gave me several chance for proposing her,
But I couldn’t, During whole journey, she was with
me, there at back grasping me tightly as it was very
cold & we were driving very fast, All I want from my
life is, once again that complete trip with her, But
now, I can’t……     ” 
Yaadi,” Yaar you have revived that trip to me, It is
same as you have completed your wish of going on
that trip again…….”
Chirg,” But there is no Drishti with us……”
Yaadi,” Don’t think so, she is always there with you,
She is in your heart what else you want, No one can
snatch her from you, even The God can’t, You
should feel proud on yourself for loving her like
this…….”
Chirag,” Ya you are saying right, I loved her from
my side, I am loving But will I die loving her ?...”
Yaadi,” Leave it, Yaar don’t restrict the word ‘LOVE’
for a girl, LOVE is vast enough to swallow this
Universe, Just keep on completing this copy, We
have very less time left…..”
Chirag was trying to define Love to himself,
suddenly his mobile rings…….
Chirag,” Hi Deepika…….”
Deepika( Chirag’s Wife ),” Happy Birthday Dear,
Let us allow to join you tonight, After all it’s your
day, Let us celebrate with you…….” 
Chirag,” As you are saying it’s my day, then please
Let me alone to celebrate it in my own ways…..
Thanks for reminding me…….”
Deepika,” As your wish, Dhanush wants to say
something to you……”
Chirag,” Give him the phone……”
Dhanush( Chirag’s 3 year old son),” Happy Birthday
Daddy……..”
Chirag,” Thanks captain, I wish I would be there
with you, But please forgive your Daddy, I love you
a lot, Now give the phone to mummy………”
Deepika,” So, What you are going to do tonight?”
Chirag,” Hey! Listen, I am going to miss you all, miss
the 3 Ds…… Deepika, Dhanush & Our Band
‘DARPAN’ (A hindi term for word Mirror…..), Love
you all………”
Deepika,” Hey Where are you going ?? Why are
you talking us like you will never come back? ”
Chirag,” Please don’t call me again, I want to
celebrate my Birthday alone, Where I’m going, you
will get to know tomorrow, till than love you all….. 
Haan, Don’t call me again, Understand……. Love
You, More importantly, Love your way of singing…”
Without listening anything from her in reply,
Chirag cuts the phone call…….
Yaadi,” How much she loves you & one you, who
never loved her, like you loved Drishti….”
Chirag,” Hey, Yaadi Love is something which
happens once, It wins or Loses……. ”
Yaadi,” Don’t give that shit man, You are again
misunderstanding this Divine word, It never wins or
loses, It simply exists, It is always there with
everyone, It is we who are blind to it, You should
love her like the way you loved Drishti…….”
Chirag,” I know you are right this time, But Now, I
can’t do anything, Now I know what is love but I
can’t love, Even I can’t regret for it, However I will
try my best to love her, pointing towards the
cigarette bud in his hand…..”
Yaadi,” Ya, I know Buddy, You will love her this
time, rectifying your mistakes, You are just best in
this whole world, You don’t regret for what you
have done, Do Just One Word, Love” 
Chirag,” O.K. Bro, Let me come on the same track
back, After completing the journey to Lay of
Ladhak, again It was time for winter vacations,
Again I practiced guitar, Then it was time for 2nd
year, I enjoyed it with Drishti, with some new
memories, strengthening the bond & rooting deep
our friendship, Not even bond between her & me
deepened but between me, Arjun & Deepak, a
relation of brothers created too, We started loving
each others like brothers do, My family was just on
verge of its completion at AIT, I didn’t hide any
secret from them except that I love Drishti from
Arjun, During the cultural fest of AIT, I dedicated a
song to Drishti with my guitar in front of whole AIT,
one of my favorite song sung by Lucky Ali as,
“Kahaan se tuu aati hai, Kahaan ko tuu jaati hai……
Sapno ko sajaati hai, Apno ko le jaati hai……………...
Bagho me jab behti hai, Kaano me kuch kehti hai…
Aati hai nazar nhi, saanso me par rehti hai……………
Hawaah hai pawan hai, Vaayu hai purwaai hai……..
Jeevan hai jaan hai, Ya parchaayi hai……………………
Lene aayi hai, Ya kuch mere liye laayi hai……………..
Puchunga mai kya tujhse kahaan se tuu aayi, tuu
kaun hai… Tuu kaun hai…. Tuu kaun hai, Kaun hai…” 
 It was the 2nd year only, when I spended most of my
time with her, I gifted her lots of my poems at
canteen, liberary, OAT…..& I can’t forget the Badmintons & shuttle cock, which I regularly played
with her, every night even in exams from 8:00 to
8:45, It used to fill my heart with happiness when I
made myself lose by 9-10 in most of the games, to
make her win most of the games made me win
always, Every night after having dinner we
continued the trend which we had started there at
Girl’s Hostel of sharing a Chocolate, We used to
share one chocolate everyday, First she had half of
it in 5 secs & it took me to complete other half in 5
minutes, That whole year I hardly went to my home
back, I didn’t call my Ghaziabad’s friends or even
My Mom & Dad as my void was filling at AIT, Even
During my vacations of 2nd year whether winter or
summer, I made myself busy there at AIT in some
project works for two reasons, To live away from
home & to spend time with her as she had to stayed
there at Hostel for project works. You know in
Engineering, vacations are the only period where
you can apply your engineering in some project
works you want to indulge in. I was just waiting for 
the correct moment, for proposing her, Time was
speeding very fast, I was just waiting & waiting,
though I was simultaneously enjoying with her but
your enjoyment remains incomplete till the girl
with whom you want to spend your whole life is
ready to accept your LOVE, I was still incomplete, It
was time for completion of another year at AIT &
with this it was the end of 2nd Year…… I had to go
home this time as she was also leaving for her
home, As usual I dropped her with Arjun, This time I
dropped Deepak too as his train was coming also at
the same time that of Drishti’s & Arjun’s. I drove to
my Home back, The situation had become more
worst at home, My Mother was on world tour for 6
months & my father was in Tokyo for some business
work, During that summer vacations, I started
writing songs, writing poems for her, did some
project work related to ECE, enjoyed it with daily
phonic conversation with Drishti…… & now it was
time for 5th semester, You can say it the ultimate
semester for me…………..”
Yaadi,” I know, Before coming to that just light your
9
th one…… ”
Chirag,” Ya, Sure…..” 



Cigarette : 9
 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 02:00a.m..
Chirag takes out his 9
th
 cigarette & lights it………..
Yaadi,”So, You were going to explore 3rd
 year,
haan….. So, can you start it with Hostel Nights @
AIT….? ”
Chirag,”Ya, Sure Hostel Night secures one of the
important place in any engineer’s life or anyone’s
life, Hardly we study there except during exam
times when we have no other choice, AIT Hostels
were following the same trends, We were living
like a family, an integrated unit, from various states
of India & some from outside of India, At night we
are nearly mad, some go for high decibel music,
some hum tunes by themselves, in a group we play
several games like LUDO, 52 exciting CARDS, Even
at night to play Basket-Ball or Football is not a bad
deal, Very often we in a group, used to gossip on
various topics, very often it was on girls, We
debated a lot on girls, you are from any branch but
Hostel life makes you aware about the girls from all
branches, Even you know their names, from where
they belong though sometimes you forget your 
subjects name, Some of us are so crazy about them
that they go for research on them, they even know
their phone numbers, their likes & dislikes, from
where they did schooling, their current BoyFriends. Moreover, when your room-mate thoughts
match your thoughts then you go for late night
gossips with him about whom you are thinking of,
like I used to chat with Deepak about Drishti
though sometimes my excess description about her
made Deepak bore but he never made any
complaint to me as he liked my company to discuss
about his girl friend, as my tips would always
helped him. When the moon rises there at sky, the
whole hostel alives, It is like day for us, You can see
us there at canteen, at sports complex, at hostel
gardens & some of us like me nearby girl’s hostel…
We know each other’s facebook passwords as I
knew that of Deepak & Arjun but I never gave them
mine, Even there were few who developed fake
facebook id with names like Kavita Singh, Swati
Sharma etc…. just to know about the girls who
didn’t accept their friend request, they were like
professionals in this game as they can chat with you
like a girl, One such fellow was Nishant who at 
night used to enjoy behaving as girls, I still don’t
know about such mentality, But one day he came to
me & told me his truth of making fake ids, I
laughed at him very long but he told me that he will
make fool of Deepak if I help him, I was also
excited then we started chatting with him, Deepak
was behaving as I had expected, a gentle fellow
with no interest towards study though he studied
for very long, I lost my control & typed Beta jyada
padhai achhi nhi lagti, achha beta aaj raat batata
hun….. He typed, Who are you? Aren’t you shweta?,
I again typed Beta Yamraaj => Chirag, this made
Deepak embarrassed even that whole night I done
a lot of mockery on him, but later to make him
normal, I took him for a drive…. Then at night, we
saw Shawshank Redemption on laptop at OAT that
night. Ya we hostelites are very crazy about movies,
games, serials a lot…. ”
Yaadi,” Really yaar, Hostelites Zindabaad!! Hostel
gave you all which you always wanted of, I consider
all those girls very lucky about whom you gossip for
very long even one fourth of your day without
expecting anything from them, They always remain
unaware of your love, Love that no one can match.” 
Chirag,” Ya but it’s not their mistake, It’s our as we
never talk to them straight, we always wait for right
moment which never comes & at last we lose, What
if you are straight forward, simply there will be two
outcomes one your proposal will be going to
accept or your facebook id will be going to block
forever, Not a bad deal it sounds but It is a bad
deal, no matter what it sounds, It is simple to reject
someone’s heart but just ask the person who is on
the losing side, He or She will tell you the pain of
rejection….”
Yaadi,” Bhai, I’m totally confused, Please make it
clear, some times you are saying something &
some times something other……”
Chirag,”If you aren’t getting it then it is better, It
hurts a lot when you at night dreams of something
that you are going to do tomorrow, you prepare a
complete plan for the next day by giving your best
to make that day remarkable & when next day you
leave your home & find that the reason for which
you have been planning, has left your way by
letting you alone, forever” 
Yaadi,” Yaar when one gets rejected, It simply
means the thing for which he was aspiring for is
inferior than the thing waiting for him, Always
there is God’s will behind every step you step
forward……….”
Chirag,” I know, But the difficulty lies in, How to
make it clear to yourself, when after spending so
much time in light you are sent to face dark……..”
Yaadi,” Leave it yaar, Time is running fast, You go
back to the journey, Rest leave on that cigarette &
God……”
Chirag,” Ya, Sure…… It was the time for Inter
College Sports Tounament, taking place at DELHI
TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY(DTU), Every sports
lover was very excited, I was too as Drishti was
going to represent our college’s candidate for
Badminton Match, Arjun was in cricket team & I
was in football team, Deepak was busy in some
project at AIT that’s why I was feeling little bit
uncomfortable as he used to busy Arjun by letting
me to spend time with her……. But after a long, I
was going to play a Football match, It filled me with
joy a lot & made me forget to think about my heart,
My first look at DTU, made me its fan, It is the
campus with every thing planned, it’s building
structure makes you feel like you are in
wonderland, Even students there are much cooler
than that of AIT, as instead of paying attention on
quantity, they focus on quality. However I knew, I
was going to make it for AIT & I did, by snatching
the football cup from DTU with score of 5-1, But
Drishti & Arjun didn’t make it for us. Now it was
time to return back to AIT, when we were
returning, Arjun boarded in another Bus, It means
me & Drishti were alone, I was going to propose
her, & in bus conversation went as :
Chirag,”Hey!, Drishti don’t feel sad, Next time you
are going to win…..”
Drishti,” Next time I’ll practice more & snatch that
cup from DTU….”
Chirag,” Golden words….. So, I want to tell you
something…… Can you guess?”
Drishti,” Ya, Of course, You are going to wish me
Happy Birthday in advance as usual…….” ”
In oder to propose her, I forgot that the next day
(ie-15,Nov) was her birthday, Every year I used to 
celebrate it with her. But this time, I decide to
make it special, I just replied….
Chirag,” Ya, I just want to wish you Happy Birthday
in advance…..”
After reaching college, I just went to a jwellery
shop & purchased a golden chain for her, with 2
words marked on it ‘C+D’ ‘C’ for me & ‘D’ for her, I
also practiced a song for her, I wanted to make that
night remarkable & it became too…….
That night, I was very excited, I took Arjun’s laptop
as mine was on charging & went to terrace, I was
preparing a birthday greeting for her using
Photoshop, she was also there using her laptop, I
decided to wish her at 12:00 a.m. by attaching that
card to her chat box. After completing that card, I
opened facebook, there was she, online. But it was
Arjun’s id as he didn’t log it out, suddenly a
message came…..
Drishti,” Hi Arjun ☺ ☺”
Arjun( I was typing),” Happy Birthday…. ☺ ☺” 
Drishti,” I want to tell you something…… It’s
something different that I’m feeling about
someone……”
I was very excited that she too loves me, she is
going to tell my room mate that she loves me……
Arjun( I typed),” Ya, I think I know……”
Drishti,” What ? You know…. So tell……. It will be
my best birthday then……”
Arjun( I typed),” You love him, You love Chirag….
Haan…. I know he also loves you…..”
Drishti,” What me & Chirag, Are u mad? We are
just good friends, He also knows it……. I didn’t feel
anything special for him, I just enjoy his company
but he is not someone whom I love, You idiot, I love
you, I love you ARJUN…….. Do you love me???”
Oh! No! She loves him not me, Oh No….. She loves
him………
Chirag’s is crying, He is crying like a 2 year baby,
full of tears all around but without any sound, tears
tears tears……. He is coming near to the mirror &
crying louder, louder seeing his face in mirror, he is
walking very slowly, very slowly like he is hitten by 6 
bullets, he manages to reach to the window, He
opens the windows, He sits there for 5 minutes just
seeing the vehicles outside but still crying a lot, he
takes his guitar & sings one of his favorite song of
lucky Ali ( You must try…)……
“Teri yaad jab aati hai
Meri aankh bhar jaati hai
Hum to bichhde u mil mil ke
Khwab tooten hain is dil ke
Yehi gum mujhe sataayega
Phir tu laut ke na aayega
Phir bhi tere aane ka intezar karta hoon
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse yaar karta hoon”
He shuts down all windows, he walks back to the
mirror, still with continous flood of tears, he is
looking his face, now he is slapping himself, he is
crying a lot, he is hugging himself, he is kissing
himself like he is loving himself….. He utters….
Yaadi,” Bhai apney aap ko Sambhaal, Mai bhi nhi
chahta tha ki tuu is page ko padhey, ye page kabhi
hamari journey me aaye, par is page tak kabhi na
kabhi to pahunchana hi tha, tu sambhaal apney aap 
ko, Vo kabhi teri thi hi nhi to tuu usey dil se kyon
nhi nikaal paa rha hai……”
Chirag,” I can’t, I LOVE her, I LOVE to die, loving
her…….. Uspe ye jaan mai nissaar karta hun, pyaar
sirf us se, pyaar sirf us se pyaar karta hun, Sun le
sda…… Sun le sda…… Sun le sda………… ( He sings
two more lines of the above song….) ”
Yaadi,” Yaar agar tuu usey pyaar karta hai, to fir
tujhey khush hona chahiye ki vo aaj khush hai…..
Chal ab aansun pahunch le……. ”
Chiraag,” Usney mujhey kabhi pyaar nhi kiya,
Yaadi? Haan, nhi kiya, Haan vo nhi karti thi, Haan
vo shayad uski sympathy thi ek ameer ladke k liye jo
apni life se dukhi tha jisey mai pyaar samajh rha
tha….. Par useiy mera pyaar nhi dikha, mereiy is dil
ki dua us tak nhi pahunchi, meri palko ki aawaaz
usneiy nhi suni, Tu jaanta hai na Yaadi ki mai usiey
kitna chahta hun, aakhiri saans bhi uskey naam ki
jee rha hun……”
Yaadi,” Jab tuu jaanta hai ki vo sympathy thi, fir
tujhey usseiy Love expect nhi karna chahiye tha,
Yaar, LOVE is always there for sacrifices, If you have
loved someone then you should be ready for 
sacrifices that will come along with the sweet
feeling arised from it’s existence. If you can’t
sacrifice the thing you Love most then you don’t
know what LOVE is all about, It seems you just need
that person or that thing but not LOVE………”
Chirag,” I know my fault. Since, my birth I was
wondering there for just one word, LOVE…. But
then everything changed, I got what I desired &
then it disappeared, it was only there just to make
me aware of what love is, But Love was never mine,
Yaadi, why did it happen to me? My only fault was
that I loved her, It hurts me a lot, Bhai…... ( He sings
2 more lines……)
Ye dil tujhe na bhulaayega
Kya tu phir se laut aayega…………………”
Yaadi,” Bhai, Sambhaal apney aap ko….. You are in
misconception with word LOVE, O.K. Let me define
it…… Love is something that you always live with,
even when you hate someone there is Love, when it
rains there is love, when nature smiles there is love,
when you are the source of someone’s happiness
there is love, when you help someone there is Love.
To know Love, first you should feel it. It is divine, 
above all, above this win or lose, above this day or
night, above this life or death even it is above all of
what we think. It is very simple for those who live
for others finding themselves happy & it is equally
complex for those like you who restrict Love to
someone, who need their presence to them but not
their happiness. I know it is bitter truth but it is
ultimate truth too……. Chirag Just think the last
year you are living with, there you have found all
LOVE what you need, Now you should feel very
relaxed, You have got all Love even more than
anyone can, in this year…..Just wash your face &
come again to complete your story, time is running
fast…………… ”
The way Chirag has consoled himself with the help
of that mirror or Yaadi, is very helpful to him, He is
finding himself in better position, He refreshes
himself & comes again & continues the story………
Chirag,” So, Yaadi where were we?”
Yaadi,” Ya, She had proposed Arjun….”
Chirag,” Ya, I deleted that conversation just to
make it a secret, but she was typing again & again
as : Drishti-“ I love you Arjun, Everything about you 
makes me Crazy, Even the way you dance, way you
play or just the way you smile….. Just reply in Yes or
No….. Do you love me…….” & this time I didn’t
gather so much courage to delete it again, I went
back to the room & told Arjun that bymistake I was
logged in using his id & Drishti proposed him, I
handed over him the laptop & left him with that
sweet proposal. Then I left my room & started
running as fast as I could, I ran, ran a lot, I took
several revolutions around OAT, circling it every
time, fast & fast, even I didn’t want to stop though
my speed decreasing continously & then I went
unconscious due to continous running, Thank god I
didn’t remain with that thought for very long that
night as I went unconscious after 1 hour of that
proposal. Next morning, I was treating my heart as
it was a dream but my brain knew that it was bitter
truth. But what made me completely puzzled was,
Deepak told me in very low voice that Arjun had
accepted her proposal as Deepak was the one who
knew my heart, my love. I don’t know, such boys
like ARJUN who dreams of some other girl &
decides to Love some other. Even girls like DRISHTI
makes me confused as they Love those who had 
never thinked of them & are never able to read the
love of those who are living for them. I decided that
I’ll not think of them but I couldn’t. I was still
hoping that she would come back to me when she
would get to know about Chirag’s Love. I tried to
face her but I couldn’t, I stopped receiving her
phone calls, even I didn’t want to face though it was
like impossible for me, Now I decided to make
them happy together but Deepak told me that I
should also propose her once, So that I would live
my life without any burden of not proposing her. I
told him that Arjun was also ready to fall in Love
with her, but he argued that she would be much
more happier with me than that with Arjun. His
argument alived my love which I was going to kill. It
was the end of 5th semester, & time for vacations, I
couldn’t do anything, all I left with to drop them to
the station but unlike always this time I didn’t run
with train, I letted them go. At that station, I made
a pledge to myself that I’ll show her my real love
when next semester will start………..”
Yaadi,” Before coming to the 6th sem, first light
your 10th one……..” 


Cigarette : 10 Cigarette : 10

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 03:00a.m..
Chirag lights his 10
th
 cigarette & continues the
journey……….
Chirag,” It was the first time when the winter
vacations for a month were looking to be about a
year. But unlike every time, this time there was my
mother in my room, placing the things. She was
looking in the mood to talk with me. This time she
had served the food to me by herself, but now I
didn’t need her care, when I was in 3rd year of
B.Tech. Where was she, when I needed someone to
share my emotions, my life. I took my guitar &
laptop & left for terrace. She spelled my name
Chirag a lot, but I didn’t heed. After putting fire, I
placed myself at a chair & logged in to visit her
profile, after a long about 3 weeks since our
vacation. There were 100+ notifications, 7
messages & 11 friend request, I checked for her
message first but there was no message from her,
without caring about notifications I just clicked her
profile, she had uploaded an album last week titled
‘My World, My Love, My Life @ Nainital’ with only 2 
faces there, one of Drishti & other of Arjun…… I was
completely shattered but what made my heart
pierced was that they were near to Delhi, but they
didn’t tell me about, I know they were making their
love but how can they forget about their friend who
lived his every moment with them. After stabbed by
that album & their respect towards friendship, I
couldn’t help me to remain logged in but suddenly
a message jumped up from chat box……………..”
Drishti,” Hi ☺ ☺, howz u?? Are u angry on me? Ya,
you should be, I didn’t tell you about me & Arjun,
We are in relationship….. Can you believe it ??”
I didn’t want to reply her but this time, Arjun was
not online, It simply meant to me that she was there
for me. Moreover, her way of talking always makes
me fall in love with her, I couldn’t resist myself &
typed…….
Chirag,” Oh! Congrats, Ya, Arjun is a nice guy, he
will make you live happily forever, He is talented
too, You both look awsm with each other, Ab to
kehna padega Rab Ne Bna Di Jodi….”
Drishti,” Oh, Thanks…. But he never makes me
laugh like you used to do, I miss you yaar… ” 
Chirag,” Friends like me can make you only laugh,
But he is someone special who made you fall in his
love, He is very lucky… There are some like me also
with their unfortunate fates who try their best to
show their love but at the end they are considered
as those who can make laugh others.”
Drishti,” I’m not getting you, Do you love someone?
It is looking like there is someone special, who you
are missing……”
Thank God, atleast she reached to my heart, what
my heart was feeling for her……..
Chirag,” Ya, I was going to propose her but she
proposed someone else, She thinks that she doesn’t
feel love with me…….”
Drishti,”Oh, So sad, So tell me is she from school or
college? May be I can help you…..”
Chirag,” School or college doesn’t matter, what
matters is Heart & love, She should feel my love in
her heart like my heart feels for her……….”
Drishti,” So romantic, yaar. She is a lucky girl, she is
just unaware of your love for her, when she will get 
to know about how much you love her, she will tie
her soul in knot with yours forever…….”
Chirag,”I don’t know when she will get to realize
about it, but one thing is for sure I’ll love her till
death, I’ll wait for her forever. It is simply because
love need not to be defined it simply exists
everywhere forever…….”
Drishti,” I wish Arjun also loves me like the way you
love her………”
Chirag,” He will but not more than I can…….”
Drishti,” What do you mean by that, haan? What
would you do, if you were in place of Arjun………”
Oh! Damn….. My heart beats stopped for a moment
I had waited a lot for the day, the day I’ll show her
my love but it didn’t come, But now she had given
me an opportunity to full-fill my wish, I was ready
for it since I saw her first time, I typed…….
Chirag,” I’m not so lucky like him…. But let me try…
If I was in place of Arjun then, ( Chirag uses Hindi
whenever he needs to express his feelings from the
core of his heart) ……………………………………………. 
Teri sirf ek hasi ki jhalak paaney k liye ye jaan nisaar
kar deta, Teri in palko me saari jindagi guzaar deta,
Tu zra ruth jaati to is gagan ko tereiy kadmo tak
jhuka deta, Teri julfo k saaye me kitne janam bita
deta, Tereiy har khwaab ko hakikat kar saku itni roz
dua maang leta, Tu sun le sda….. sun le sda…………..
Vo rah jo tera pta na batati usiey tujh tak mod deta,
Vo ashk jo teri palko se nikateiy unhey mai pee jata,
Tere pyaar k liye khud ko Bekaraar Baar Baar Karta
hun, Kyonki pyaar sirf tumse, pyaar sirf tumse, pyaar
karta hun………. ”
Drishti,” Hey, Chirag! Please stop…. Please stop…
No one can love like the way you describing………
Please say it is completely fake, No one can love so
madly, It’s fake…. Say na…. Say, it is fake………………”
I was not seeing what she was typing as for the first
time, I had to show my LOVE, LOVE without which I
had spent first 2 decades of my life, I went on
typing & in emotions I was typing not as Arjun but
as Chirag, who just wants to show her his love not as
Arjun’s love…….
Chirag,” Mai uski khushi k liye har pal is khuda ko
ada karta hun, Apni nazroien se hale-e-dil bayaan 
karta hun, Dil ki dhadhkan ko uski yaad me kurbaan
karta hun, Uski parchaayi paa saku itni guzaarish
baar baar karta hun, Ye dil tujhko kabhi na bhula
paayega, Kya tuu laut k aayega?? Teriey aaneiy ka
mai sda intzaar karta hun, Baar Baar khud ko
bekaraar karta hun kyonki pyaar sirf tum se pyaar
sirf tum se pyaar karta hun………….
Ek sach aaj is dil ki hakikat bayaan kar dena chahta
hai, Tera chehra hi hai jiski muraad k saath ye
parinda sda udna chahta hai, Tere saath na paakar
ye khud ko khud se aazaad kar lena chahta hai,
kyonki ye maut bhi tere jaisy haseen chahta hai… ”
Drishti,” Please stop, I don’t know why, but it is
hurting me, hurting a lot as I have lost something,
something which a girl dreams of through out her
life, Please Stop, I can’t tolerate it any more, your
words are piercing my heart like an arrow, Please
forgive me. Bye, I can’t carry on this conversation.. ”
She then went off-line, I was just started to explore
my love, but she didn’t bear that pain with which I
was living for last 20 years, One thing was very
good for me that my words were appealing her,
though she was running away from them……………… 
Yaadi,” Kya Baat hai, tujhey us raat ho kya gya tha,
itni gehri baatein shayad ek sachha aashique hi kar
sakta hai, Kya Baat……..”
Chirag,” Bhai ye hi to mai tujhey samjhaana chahta
hun ki, vo mera pyaar hi nhi sab kuch thi………………”
Yaadi,” Koi baat nhi, Chal bta fir kya hua ??”
Chirag,” Then after that night she never came
online, might be my words made her aware about
my love for her. Equally, I didn’t try to call her or
reach her as I wanted to give her time to take
correct decision in choice between me & Arjun.
Then, it was time to reach college again for 6th
semester but unlike every time, this time my
mother packed my things, she baked food for me
by her own hands, she gifted me a lot of things, she
was kissing my hands, I didn’t know what made her
love me after 20 years so passionately. But I didn’t
forgive her, without saying even Bye, I left for my
hostel….. I was just driving to the hostel via OAT,
where Arjun & Drishti were having fun, they were
playing chess not by looking into the chess board
but by looking into each other eyes. After reaching
hostel, Deepak told me that I should forget about 
her as they had arrived 4 days before for having
fun, he even told me that they were behaving like
married couple. But I had already taken an oath to
show her my love, I decided to make her fall in my
love, that complete night I didn’t sleep even my
eyes also supporting me & supporting binoculars
too. From the next day, I was on my mission, Only
thing I wanted was her to be alone for sometime, I
made Arjun busy in Robot designing Classess from
7:00 to 8:00 p.m., I then started playing BadMinton with her & during that hour I used to flirt
with her directly, though she refused to share our
chocolate anymore, but still there was something in
my regular words to her which always compelled
her to come for Bad-Minton with me, My lines from
my heart always hurted her at the last of that hour
but the love asscociated with those words made her
come to bear that pain again & again, everyday.
Even there was reaction of those words on her, as
she started asking Arjun to dedicate some lines to
her like the way I used to did but I know Arjun can’t
match me in that, I didn’t know what happened to
me I was betraying my room-mate Arjun each day,
Even one day when he was ill, I asked Drishti to 
come with me for a local trip, again to Delhi with
Arjun but when she came I told her that he was not
feeling well & asked her to come with me, in such a
poetic manner to which she couldn’t deny, this time
not in car, but on my enfield, I kicked it furiously
but this time she didn’t afraid of it, neither she was
holding my shoulder. I drove straight to the Lotus
temple, in start I was not flirting with her, we both
were just enjoying like we used to, then we went
for lunch nearby Red Fort, then I decided to show
her my love, I asked her to dance with me but I
didn’t know what made her ready to accept my
proposal, I drove to that Dublin club, we danced a
lot, sometimes very fast & sometimes very slowly,
my hands along her waist & her hands on my
shoulders with 200% eye contact for very long, we
were not using our mouths but we were talking a
lot with our eyes, I was like begging for my love to
her & she was just forgiving me every time.
Suddenly she broke dancing & went outside, I
followed her & then we started walking with her
hand in my hand, Still there was not even a single
word between us, That silence meant a lot for both 
us but couldn’t last for a long, as suddenly she
broke the silence…….
Drishti,” So you love someone, haan?”
(I didn’t want to answer her, I was feeling like a
beggar asking for love……)
Chirag,”God knows…….”
Drishti,” Can’t you be straight forward with me,
haan? You know, you have hurted me a lot….. So
tell, you love someone or me, haan?”
Chirag,” When you have the answer then what is
the basis for asking this question?”
Drishti,”No, Chirag It’s not the way you should treat
others, you think everyone here, is God who can
read your heart. No, Bloody! There should be some
proper way of expressing your feeling to someone,
you can’t expect someone to read your heart &
then take decision. We should explore ourselves to
others in the way we want the other to react. You
think I love your company, No, I like your company
but I would have loved it if you had told me earlier
that you provide your company for loving me. Now,
nothing can be changed…… I am with Arjun & this 
is something that no one can change & no one
wants to change………… You have made it complex
too, why you come to me, haan? Why did you love
me, when I never loved you in return? How can you
love me like this even knowing that I’m with Arjun,
haan Speak Chirag, Speak………. ( Then she went
mad, started crying & shouting at me)
Who are you to me? Why I enjoy my life with you?
Why my eyes want to see you? Why I feel like I
need nothing from my life, only I need is you? Why
your words are so compelling, full of Love always?
Who teaches you to love like this? How can one
love like you? Tell Haan, Speak……………….
She was becoming restless, she started slapping
me, slapping for a long… There was love, love that I
wanted from my life, She was slapping & slapping..
I was continuously smiling, with her every slap, my
smile becoming broader as with every slap the
intensity of love for me was increasing… She
shouted…..
Answer me…… Answer me…… ”
Chirag,” Just listen me, First stop crying & listen me,
Just listen very carefully what I’m telling you & then 
rest is your choice…... I’m a 21 year old boy, I have
spent my first 18 years just devoid of Love, I never
loved by anyone, even my father, mother or friends,
no one loved me, I was all alone. I didn’t know what
this Love is all about & then one girl came to my
Life. She spended time with me without knowing
me. She used to like the way I live, neither my
money nor articles. She shared a lot of moments
with me, she laughed with me & cried with me too.
Then I started giving back her the same which she
had gifted me directly or indirectly, Love. It was the
first time for me to go for Love & then it happened,
The thing you go for first time after waiting for so
long like 18 years, you know its cost very well like I
knew. I decided to give my every thing even my
breathe, just to get her smile forever. It is very
simple, Love needs not to be defined, It simply
exists only thing we have to find is ourselves. It is
always open to us but we are not open to it, those
who are open to it know it like I do, but those who
don’t want Love to explore to them & just enjoy
life, always remain closed to it like you did. But
Now,I know that you have opened yourself to it,
then be relaxed I’ll make everything fine, because I 
love you, Ariey ab to muskuraa do baba, meri
jaanu…… Kya gaakar sunana padega, O.K. theek
hai, ye bhi sahi………
Tereiy aaney ka sda intzaar karta hun, Mai to Khud
ko Bekaraar baar baar karta hun, Pyaar sirf tumse,
Pyaar sirf tumse, Pyaar karta hun………”
Suddenly she came very close to me, like once I was
very close to her in Girl’s hostel, But I didn’t expect
her to…… She kissed me, Ya.. You know Yaadi, She
passionately kissed me & I couldn’t control myself
& I joined her too, this went for about 60-70
seconds, then I broke it but still she didn’t want it
to. Without saying anything to her, I took out my
enfield & kicked it, she came & took back seat.
There was again complete silence, but we were not
looking at each other, even we were avoiding to
look at each other faces, I was just driving & then I
dropped her at girl’s hostel. Even we didn’t say Bye
to each other, I drove straight back to my room,
Both Arjun & Deepak were sleeping, I went for
terrace but without any cigarette (pointing it to
Yaadi) as our heart knew that they are loving each
other, My binoculars could see her, there dancing
with her pillow, jumping. She was looking like she 
had discovered the best way of living & I was
equally excited too. I decided that next morning I
will propose her infront of whole AIT, as I was very
confident about that she loves me. I sung about 15
songs in those two hours, Even she was also not
going for sleep this time, She updated a status as”
It’s the best day of my life. I want it to be freeze
forever. ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺”, & the first like came from my
side though we didn’t chat as we were very shy to
each other at that moment…… I still believe it to be
one of the best day of my life……..”
Yaadi,” So romantic Yaar, So, it was the day which
made you mark ‘C+D’ over this lighter, haan? More
importantly, she accepted that she loves you, What
else can you want from your life? Yaar but you have
to face the reality now, so make it for 11th one, this
11th cigarette will help you to bear that much pain,
time is running, Hurry up! Fast!........ ”
Suddenly Chirag vomits, he is vomiting in blood,
blood there all over that copy, blood is rushing
through his nose, He runs towards bathroom……… 
Cigarette : 11

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 04:00a.m..
Chirag takes about 15 minutes to wash the blood
flowing through his nose, mouth over his body, He
comes back to the mirror & lights his 11
th
cigarette..
Yaadi,”Are you alright? Shall we move forward?”
Chirag(Kissing that cigarette passionately),”Ya,
Bhai, Nothing can harm your brother except Love,
Ya, I was there at terrace waiting for the next day,
My first & last propose to her, Drishti jain. It was
about 3:00 a.m., my phone rang. For the very first
time in my hostel life, it was Dad’s call. I received
but what I got to know was really shocking, My
Mother was no more. She was a Cancer-victim. I
was completely puzzled, I didn’t know why I was
abusing myself though she had never treated me as
her son except the last time when she did, after all
she was my mother, I am here because of her, my
life is given by her. I kicked enfield and accelerated
it to the top gear, in a very short time I was at home
( with no thoughts about Drishti….). My mother’s
body was brought back to home……… 
Chirag starts crying, he is crying, crying…. He moves
towards his mother’s photograph hanging opposite
to that of mirror, He is touching her feet, he is
regretting himself for being rude with her without
knowing her, He is crying a lot & lot, Then he
manages to continue…………
I slept that night with her Dead body, with endless
tears in my eyes, But what made me bursted into
tears was……….
Chirag takes out a piece of paper at the back of his
mother’s photograph………….
……was this Yaadi, My mother’s note for me which
my Dad handed over to me after her funeral, He
asked me to go through that note which contained
all my questions to my Family & to the word Love…
I’m reading it for you Yaadi…..
Hi! Chirag Beteiy, This is your Mom. Betiey I
know it is impossible for you to forgive me and
your Daddy as we were never there with your’s
childhood, teenage and now…….. But Beteiy it’s
not that we don’t love you. We love you though not that we don’t love you. We love you though
we have never let it clear to you, I’m sure you will 
be reading this when I have left you alone again.
Look betiey it’s very difficult for me to share the
reason with you, but now it’s time to make you
clear about the truth, me and your Dad was clear about the truth, me and your Dad was
living with………. g with………. g with……….
I was having Liver- I was having Liver-Cancer, Its medical Cancer, Its medical
treatement was going on, but it was not sure
that whether it could be completely treated or not,
I was afraid about my Life. Your Dad is one of
the best person the best personfor you and me, He loves me a lot for you and me, He loves me a lot
and can’t see my pain like you love Drishti [ and can’t see my pain like you love Drishti [
Beta sorry for reading your personal chat
messages, but I was always there with you, with
your football match, with your entarance
results, with your clothes which I liked to wash
them by my hands, to cover you blanket at
terrace…. I was always there but just I didn’t let
it clear to you…. ], Your Dad also loves you a lot, it clear to you…. ], Your Dad also loves you a lot,
he was afraid of coming in contact with you as
if he came then he would have to tell the reality I if he came then he would have to tell the reality I
wasloving with, he used to visit your Hostel loving with, he used to visit your Hostel 
room when you came back to home, for knowing room when you came back to home, for knowing
the condition in which you are living with. He is
very proud of you, for getting such excellent
ranks….. He likes your self- ranks….. He likes your self-made path but he made path but he
never said it to you. I didn’t want to come in
contact with you because I was afraid of that contact with you because I was afraid of that
word Love, if I trapped myself in my son’s love
then it would have pained me a lot, at time of
Death. Ya, I loved to go on tours, I wanted to see Death. Ya, I loved to go on tours, I wanted to see
the world before my death for which your Dad
was paying a lot. You know Beta, when one
knows his time of Death, How much difficult it knows his time of Death, How much difficult it
becomes for him or her to love becomes for him or her to loveother, So was for other, So was for
me. Just I was loving my life, I never loved your me. Just I was loving my life, I never loved your
father but he loved me a lot because love never
expects anything in return. Now I am regretting
as I had never shown my love for you, How could as I had never shown my love for you, How could
I forget that Love is sweetest thing….. Love is all
above…. Please forgive your Mother…… Beta at
last, I want to tell you one thing, Never expect last, I want to tell you one thing, Never expect
anything in return of love, Love is God, If you
know it then you know the truth. Again Please know it then you know the truth. Again Please 
forgive me, Chirag you are the best son in this
world I know. I am dying, Please bid farewell to
me with smile not with tears, though I was never
nearby you but my Love was always there with
you…………… My last words for you Beta……
Live the life for, Live the life for, ‘Just One Word, Love’ ‘Just One Word, Love’
--------Your loving Mom….. --------Your loving Mom….. ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ”
You saw Yaadi, How much wrong I was for my
family, for my life, for the word LOVE….. It was
always Home, it was I who was wrong to call it
graveyard. Her death made me aware of the reality
of word, Love. This time, in my eyes there was
feeling of respect, of love for my family, for this
world. She had left me with a vision in my eyes, to
love the life. For the very first time, I got to know
about Shambhu Kaka ji’s last sentence. My mother’s
death had made me weak from inside, I was trying
to recover. I was not attending any call from
Drishti, not classes. Even I didn’t return back to
college for about 2 months, I was finding the
impression left by her love in my home. My father
was very happy, seeing me reckoning their Love.
Ya, I could feel her now very close to my heart, 
when I ate food my mother’s soul was with me,
when I was at terrace my mother’s soul was with
me…. After knowing that My Mother’s love, I found
myself 100% fit & I decided to return back to the
college. This time not with my Driver but with my
father driving for me, He also talks like me, His
jokes are equally humorous like mine, After all I’m
his blood. My heart was very happy now though I
had lost my Mom as now I had her Love & my father
back. After reaching hostel room, Deepak told me
everything How Arjun proposed her infront of
whole AIT, He proposed her 3 times, first two times
she didn’t accept his proposal but after waiting for
me since a long, she accepted her 3rd proposal. I
know it was not her fault, but equally it was not
mine as my mother’s love was equally important for
me. Anyway She would be happy with him, Arjun is
a nice guy. It was I who betrayed my brother Arjun,
You can never say it true Love if you are betraying
someone like I did. If I considered my love to be
true then I have to wait for her. My love for hostel
terrace grew more, My fingers on guitar were
completely set. I used to play guitar for her…. She
was always there at her room, always smiling but 
not so happy like she was with me. I hope I could
tell her truth of not attending her phone calls. I
didn’t tell anyone about my mother as I believed
that she was not died, she was still with me. Every
song from my heart was for her. I decide that from
now, I will not come in her way, just I’ll wait for her
forever, for the day My love will sound in her heart.
Then it was the time of recruitment, Companies
started coming to AIT for placements, Drishti &
Arjun were placed in Samsung Electronics Ltd., I
didn’t take part in that procedure as I decided to
work for my father as manager for his company
Gaamaa Private Ltd. (Dealing with Hardware of
computers), after my engineering. My 3 years were
almost over there at AIT, a lot had happened to me.
But the better side of those 3 years was, I now knew
What is LOVE? Now, it was the time for 4th Year, I
wanted to live it as best as possible. Also as Deepak
& Arjun were also placed, we were enjoying that
year without any tension, we used to play football,
basket-ball, rugby at night with other Hostellites
though Arjun joined us very late after spending
time with Drishti. Drishti & me, started avoiding
each other though I never wanted it to be. She 
started behaving as she just doesn’t want to see my
face in her whole life. She looked happy with him
but was she? I didn’t know & I too pretended like I
didn’t want to know. Like every day about 2:00 a.m.,
I was on terrace with eyes focused to her, She was
making phone call to some one & Arjun’s phone
was ringing but he was slept, She was trying a lot….
I ran to pick up the phone, just to get her voice, I
took her call then……….
Drishti,” Hey! Arjun, Why aren’t you picking the
phone? How can you sleep when you have
promised me to dedicate a poem to me? Are you
listening? You love me, but can you make it feel to
me? Hey Arjun, Speak something…… ”
I was just smiling as she still needed poems, the
poems which I used to dedicate her earlier, I was
not able to utter even a single word, I was just
breathing fast due to 6 consecutive cigarettes………
Drishti,” Why have you picked the phone, when
you aren’t interested in talking with me, Haan?
Sorry for disturbing you at night…. Sorry Again,
Atleast Say Gud Nyt to me….. or just one line……...”
I managed to say my usual line for her…….. 
Chirag,” Mai to khud ko bekaraar baar baar karta
hun, Pyaar sirf tum se, pyaar sirf tum se, pyaa karta
hun….. Sun le sda…. Sun le sda….. Sun le sda………”
Drishi,” Chirag, You are Chirag naa…… I hate you
Chirag, I hate you…. These lines not suit on you….
Did you hear that………”
Chirag,” Ya You should be, I know I have hurted you
a lot… I don’t want to talk about it, I know you have
moved miles away from me. I was negotiating with
my life during that period, For something I have to
sacrifice my love, my Drishti….. But please don’t ask
me about that thing in place of which I have lost
you, Just I want to sing…………
Maine vaada to nibhaya tha,
Socha kabhi naa sataya tha,
Phir bhi jaane anjaane mein kahin
Tera dil to naa dukhaya tha,
Kaisa dastoor hai jaana,
Sab kuch jaan ke hai sab sehna,
Yaar tujhpe main ye jaan nisaar karta hoon,
Pyar sirf tumse, pyar sirf tumse pyaar karta hoon”
Drishti,” You have correctly said that I have moved
miles, but can you feel the pain, the pain I felt in 
moving miles….. I don’t want to know the reason for
which you betrayed me…… I just hate you…. Did
you hear that……….”
Chirag,” No, this time I’m not begging you for Love,
this time I’m loving you without expecting you to
Love me, I know you & Arjun both are happy with
each other & I don’t want to become a thorn
between you….. Only thing I need from your side is
one promise that you will remain happy, keep on
smiling through out your life…… ”
Drishti,” Who are you?? Why you love me?? What
makes you to love?? You know love or not? What’s
your problem?? Why aren’t you sure about you??
How can you make yourself feel happy, without
having your love, Please tell me It will help me to
forget about you….. Please…….. ”
Chirag,” Tere kadmo k nishaano me, Teri musqaan
ki chaawn me, Tere ruth jaane me, Teri har umadti
ada me, Tere pass aa jaane me ya Tere duur ho
jaane me, Tere khilkhilaate daaman me, Tere
khwaabo k badal me, Tere ashko k sailaab me, Tere
har waade me, Tere paawan saaye me, Teri
dhadhkan me, Teri sehmi sehmi baatoin me, Teri 
gehri julfoin me, Teri komal palko me, Teri chuu
lene waali nighaahoin me, Tujhse ki mulaakaatoin
me ………. Bas khud ko dhundhta hun… Ho sakta hai
mai pyaar shabd se bekhabar hun, but mai ye jaanta
hun ki pyaar hamesha hamaare beech hi tha, hai
aur rahega…….. Bas tujhko khush dekh khudko
khush paata hun kyonki pyaar sirf tumse karta hun ”
Drishti,” I hate you….. I hate you….. I’ll hate you my
whole complete life….”
Chirag,” Hey, Please aisa na karna kyonki jitni
nafrat ham karteiy hain utna hi hamaara pyaar
gehra ho jaata hai….. Ek tip deta hun, Khud ko
Arjun ki khushi me dhundhna, vahi pyaar hai………..
Ye mujhe bhulaaney me help karega….....”
Drishti,” But what about you then……..”
Chirag,” Mera kya hai, Hamesha ki tarah mai tujhey
pyaar karta rahunga, karta rahunga… ”
Drishti,” I want to say one thing to you, May be it is
the last time, I’m talking to you…… I Love you….. I
Love you…… I Love you…… Can I ask for one thing
at last……….” 
Chirag,” Ya, Sure… You can take my life as it is
already yours…..”
Drishti,” Can you spend this night with me? ”
Chirag,” I can spend my whole life, just watching
you…. I’m coming with my guitar, for you………..”
She cut the call, I was feeling like it is the last time,
the last opportunity which God has given me to
spend time with her…….
I took some wooden logs, my guitar & went to OAT
along with her. I put the wood on fire & started
delivering my favorite songs to her one by one,
What a wonderful scene it was, full moon’s light at
top, wooden logs warming us, melody tones
coming out from guitar, her ever lasting smile, my
voice full of Love, I can spend my whole life like this
with her….. She was just very close to me, her head
on my chest, we were living that moment in perfect
sense, with tears coming out of our eyes frequently.
Then she asked me for a promise & like always I was
ready for it, She asked me to run away from her life
& not to show my love for her again… Even she
asked me to avoid her as maximum as possible……
She too knew it was very difficult for both of us, 
especially for me. There were tears & tears all
around my face, But if I couldn’t prove my Love,
then I have no right to love anymore…. To her
surprise, I just said : ‘ I will….’ But to my surprise, she
grasped me tight then she kissed me, this time I
too, I don’t know how long it went for, might be for
1 min or 2 min or 3 min or more & I didn’t want to
know also, I was equally loving her….. Then I
dropped her for the last time to Girl’s Hostel, Since
then we never talked to each other ever. That year
ended with the completion of my B.Tech with
Deepak, Arjun & Drishti… I gifted wrist watches
with ‘C+A+D’ marked on it ( C for Chirag, A for
Arjun & D for Deepak or you can say Drishti as it is
near to A ) to Deepak & Arjun but not to her just to
keep that promise between us given by me to her
that night. Deepak was crying like a 2 year old baby
who hasn’t got her mother’s love. He didn’t want to
say Gud Bye to me & I too also but we have to face
bitter truth always & then we went for 3 different
directions, Arjun & Drishti to Samsung Banglore,
Deepak to Maaruti Chandigarh, I back to my
father’s company Gaamaa Pvt Ltd. Ghaziabad. 
Yaadi,” So, Sad….. Yaar after all your journey at AIT
came to an end, I know how much you miss it &
now how much you are missing it, But it’s called
Nature Law that Earth rotates continuously, Time
moves forward continuously, Sun & Moon rise &
fall continuously…… Life keeps on moving,
spreading the Love………”
Again Chirag is bleeding through mouth & nose…
He throws that burnt bud in his hand, He comes to
mirror & kisses himself, He is finding himself very
weak, even it is looking very difficult for him to go
to the bathroom, He gathers his 200% strength &
reaches bathroom & comes back again…
He lights his 12
th
 cigarette….
 
Cigarette : 12

 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 05:00a.m..
Yaadi,” So, What was waiting for you after AIT,
Your Life, Your World, Your Love…….. ????”
Chirag,” After leaving AIT, I joined my father’s
company as Manager. I explained myself that I have
to live my rest of the life by forgetting about my
past, even my love for ECE, Deepak, Arjun &
Drishti….. It is sure how much you criticize your
college, at the end you will miss it. Considering, the
way they had behaved with us at AIT, but atlast
their behavior made the prosperous future of
various students at AIT. Missing you AIT a lot.. Your
canteen, Liberary, Sports Complex, Hostel, almost
everything….. Anyway it was the first opportunity
for me to work for my family, For my Father, For my
Mother’s Love in my heart…. I gave my 200% to
take his company to much above height than he
had expected. I worked there for whole day, with
my best efforts & it was looking in the company’s
monthly benefit, which made my father very happy.
After all it is an engineer brain which can work
everywhere, No matters whether you are a Civil, 
Mechanical, Electronics, Electrical or Computer
Engineer you can repair anything……. But I couldn’t
negotiate it with my Love for music which the only
thing, I was Living with except this (Pointing the
cigarette to Yaadi). I used to practice with my
guitar a lot & equally worked on my voice, music
notes, lyrics of the songs.. Then I used to visit some
public bars, pubs etc where I could drink little bit..
Then I went to check the latest updates going-on,
on facebook. Deepak used to share some images
related with friendship & some status showing his
enjoyment at Chandigarh, Even he was planning to
marry also. Arjun & Drishti used to upload albums
with each other, making love at various tourists
places, Sometimes in India & Sometimes outside
the India. I just used to like them only, without
commenting anything just to show my silence….. I
tried a lot to communicate with Arjun, But we never
came online simultaneously, I also stopped caring
about him. Deepak used to call me, about once a
week & I too, But he stopped calling always it was
me who called him. I didn’t know how friends
forget about the word friendship, might be Deepak 
was busy with his work… I still needed them, my
friends, This went for about 1 year…………”
Yaadi,” So Sad, You were completely alone again.
Then, what happened, Bhai??? ”
Chirag,” No still I wasn’t alone. Still mine cigarette
& guitar was with me. I continued visiting Dublin
Club. But, this time there was something new with
that club. There was a girl singing & playing guitar
for crowd, The way she was playing guitar was very
simillar to me which attracted me towards her. I
started visiting that club regularly not for drink but
just for her singing. I could feel the same pain in her
song with which I used to sing at night. She was like
Drug for me as She used to take leave for Sunday,
which always made me restless, I started loving her
voice. Yaadi, One of her favourite song which she
used to sing & play with guitar, I sing for you…….
Tujhe dekh dekh sona,
Tujhe dekh kar hain jagna,
Maine yeh zindagani,
Sang tere bitaani,
Tujhmein basi hain meri jaan haai,
Jiya dhadak dhadak, Jiya dhadak dhadak,
dhadak dhadak Jaayen………………………….” 
Yaadi,” Awsm, Yaar She is looking, someone like
you… Like she is passing through the same situation
with which you were passing……”
Chirag,”No Yaadi, She was passing through much
worst condition than I was living with….. Just listen,
I became habitual of her singing but one day, she
was not there, I waited for her to come but she
didn’t come that whole week. I guessed she was
singing for money, might be she has found some
other job with good salary. I instantly decided that
I’ll pay her for every hour 10,000 Rupees….. I
searched for her a lot, but I couldn’t find her. One
day, I was driving to Shaheed Bhagat Singh,
Hospital for my Dad’s regular check-up, suddenly
my eyes caught a familiar face, There she was - the
singer of Dublin Club, she was pregnant & it was
her delivery time…. I helped her mother & doctor
to take her to the operation room, where she gave
Birth to her son…. I was wrong, she was also from a
rich family, her father was, retired D.G.P. of our
city… Her mother told me her complete story, She
was Deepika- a girl of words, in her college time
she fell in love with a boy who betrayed her after
living in relationship for just 2 years with her. I don’t 
know who to blame….. Boys like him are just black
spot on humanity who consider love to be a game,
they compare its value with physical relation not
with relation of heart. They have made Love
something like fun, they enjoy it & forget it equally.
They think that only beautiful girls are one whom
you can love, But what the f**k is this, Love has
nothing to do with physical beauty. You might have
listened so many comments on Girls, What this
f**king mentality is, they are sick they need
treatement….. Also, Girls like her should change
their mental state, they go mad for those who have
Bikes, Good-physique, purse with money, fake
smile, name & fame etc without knowing their
reality. It’s not like that all boys are same, there are
boys who don’t have looks, bikes, 6-pack abbs,
money but they have love, love no one can match,
they are so rich in that context that even richest
man on earth can’t compare him with those mad
lovers. Ya Yaadi, It’s true……. After investigating
about her, I got to know that the boy who had
cheated on her wanted just her body not her love
from the very first look to her, & there was also a
boy, Akshit who used to love her not her body, He 
was very poor all he could give was his true love. He
had no money to spend on him, on his looks,
bikes…… He used to work as waiter at the same
Dublin club & a drummer too to earn some money
for his livelihood & mainly to see her. He was a
passionate lover which I got to know when he
started telling me about the future he had planned
for her. Even he was ready to accept her with her
young son. When I talked with Drishti about Akshit,
she refused as she didn’t want to become a burden
on Akshit, also She believed that she still loves that
Bloody **************************************Boy,
because though he had used her but still she was in
love with him, I could now realize her pain
associated with her singing like I am living with.
Even the determination of Akshit also reminded me
of myself as he was ready to wait for Deepika
forever & even there was same pain in his
Drumming with which both me & Deepika & now
he also was living with. I didn’t know whose fault
was it & neither I made it complex too. In both of
them, I was again searching for my friends, my
family. I came up with an idea…………” 
Yaadi,” I know…. I know…… It’s formation of the
ultimate band called ‘DARPAN’….. Hai na Bhai….”
Chirag,” Absolutely correct, I thought that we all 3
love music, why can’t we come together & work as
a team for our individual Love…… On asking them,
they were ready as I was going to pay them for it,
but none of them was ready to take even a penny
from me as their thoughts were same as mine as no
one can decide the cost for MUSIC like as we can’t
decide for LOVE, finally it led to the formation of
the ultimate music band ever ‘DARPAN’, with two
guitarists Deepika & Chirag, one drummer
Akshit……… After working hours at my father’s
company, I started practicing various songs with
them upto late night. We use to fuse various tone,
sounds together, it was just amazing feeling which
could only 3 of us feel. We all 3 + Deepika’s son
Dhanush, started living together at my Dad’s farm
house. About a year passed with them, those guyz
were just amazing… They had filled the void, that
gap after AIT in my life… I even didn’t log in to my
facebook account as there was no need of it, I was
enjoying Darpan….. One day while going through
the letters, in the mail box of my house… There was
an envelop like that of an invitation, I tore that
apart, ya I was correct it was from Arjun…. Drishti &
Arjun decided to marry, after being in relationship
for about 6 years….. For once, all earlier memories
revived in my head but this time I was not feeling
something like my love lost as Now I knew Love
never loses or wins, I decided to leave it on
Darpan…… Ya, Without letting my identity known, I
made Drishti’s father to book our Band Darpan for
her marriage… Even I didn’t take a single penny
from him as Darpan was going to sing for Drishti
not for money, though I had never told anything
about Drishti & my past life to Deepika &
Akshit………… ”
Yaadi,” So, great Man! Hats off to you…. It needs a
lot of courage & a big heart ever ready for
sacrifices to sing song or even show your presence
in the marriage of whom you love more than
yourself….. So, Darpan was going to sing in Drishti’s
marriage……..”
Chirag,” But it was very difficult for me to control
my emotions, my love for her & always it will be…
The stage was set, Darpan was ready to give its first
live performance, I started singing songs with 
Deepika & drum-beats from back by Akshit..
Someone shouted from back ’Hey! Messi!’, It was
Deepak who had come to join Arjun’s wedding, He
was very ashamed of me as he had married without
inviting me though it was love marriage at court…
He asked me sorry for that & as usual I forgave him
because I knew he was good by heart, He
introduced me with his family, he was having 1 year
old daughter… He asked me all about Darpan & I
told him in short….. There only 3 person knew my
reality Deepak, Arjun & Drishti…… Darpan was
exploring its music, everyone was blowing in our
notes, even our stop for changing track made them
disturb as they wanted us to go on without any
break….. Then there Arjun came to take the
Bridegroom’s chair, he was completely shocked
seeing me in that fashion, but he couldn’t do
anything as Bridegroom is not allowed to leave his
chair… But still I was singing, singing sometimes
Folk songs, Wedding Songs etc… & then She came
Yaadi, Drishti….. Her first view after 3 years in
Bride’s dress nearly killed me, I stopped singing…
The whole palace went silent, all started shouting
to continue the songs, but I was not giving any 
attention to them, the way I was staring her made
Deepika & Akshit very clear that there is some
connection between the Bride & me… Seeing the
whole palace silent, she looked at me & then she
was with tears, I had broken that promise given to
her but I had to as I didn’t want to miss her in
wedding dress which always I dream of, The
wedding procedure was going on, My voice started
quivering, My eyes went red…. I couldn’t sing
anymore but I had to, After completing almost all
songs that we came with, I decided to sing my
favorite song of Lucky Ali which I used to sing for
her in college time….. I asked Deepika & Akshit to
leave the stage…. Now it was time for Chirag
leading the Darpan for Drishti…. I gripped my
guitar very tight & played it without singing for 10
minutes & with guitar I started singing……………
Teri yaad jab aati hai,
Meri aankh bhar jaati hai,
Hum to bichhde yun mil mil ke,
Khwab tooten hain is dil ke……….
Yehi gum mujhe sataayega,
Phir tu laut ke na aayega,
Phir bhi tere aane ka intezar karta hoon,
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse, pyaar karta hoon……….
Maine vaada to nibhaya tha,
Socha kabhi naa sataya tha, 
Phir bhi jaane anjaane mein kahin,
Tera dil to naa dukhaya tha…………..
Kaisa dastoor hai jaana,
Sab kuch jaan ke hai sab sehna,
Yaar tujhpe main ye jaan nisaar karta hoon,
Pyar sirf tumse, pyar sirf tumse, pyaar karta hoon………..
Sunle sadaa…… Sunle sadaa…… Sunle sadaa……
Sunle….. sunle …….sunle sadaa……. Sunle….
Teri sehmi sehmi baton mein,
Khoya chand mulaqaton mein,
Aaye nazar vo saare makaam,
Tera pata yaad hai na naam…………….
Ye dil tujhe na bhulaayega,
Kya tu phir se laut aayega,
Main to khud ko bakaraar baar baar karta hoon,
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse, pyaar karta hoon………
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse….
With tears all around on my face & equally on her,
without participating further in the marriage
procedure, I left the place & drove back to home
back…. I locked myself in a room, just to cry as loud
as I could… I cried for very long just to delete her
memories from my heart but I couldn’t… I didn’t go
to my farm house back for about one week,
Deepika called me a lot but I didn’t take it…. After
that week with unbearable pain, arised from the
broken pieces of my heart…. I returned back to
Darpan but I knew I have to answer them very first
question to me, I gave them this copy ( pointing 
towards the same copy from which he is reading to
himself as he used to write it at the end of every
year), Both Deepika & Akshit went through it, They
returned back the copy with tears in their eyes &
their hands saluting me for sacrificing my Love
inexchange of knowing what love is, inexchange of
my mother’s memories….. Even Deepika asked me
for permission to call Drishti & tell her why didn’t I
propose her that night, But I just refused her to do
So, just by telling her that Love never meant for
expectation, it meant for sacrifices & After all, she
was married & happy with her new life too, I
wouldn’t be a hurdle for her again after giving her
so much trouble……”
Yaadi,” Bhai mai tere jazbaatoin ki kadar karta hun,
Bhai bahut khuun aa rha hai pehle paunch le…….”
Chirag,” Nhi yaar, Ab nhi…. Ab mujhey maut bhi
manzuur hai, maine zindagi jee lii, jitni mujhey
jeeni thi…… Tu fikar na kar, tera bhai hasteiy huey
maut ko galey lagayega………Mujhey meri ye kitaab
puuri kar lene de……. So, Where was I?”
Yaadi,” Drishti finally married to Arjun, Deepak is
also doing fine with his job & small family, You 
mother’s memories are still there in your heart,
Your father is doing fine…… Haan, you had told
everything to Deepika & Akshit…..”
Chirag,” Ya, Then everything became normal again,
our practice made it possible, Darpan was declared
most popular music band of India, We started
doing live performances in India & outside as well
like in Austrailia, Singapore, New York, Tokyo, paris
etc… We were world famous for our way of
presenting songs, by making them appealing to our
fans there in crowd. We were declared as Rockstars
who put the stage on fire….. I’m sure Drishti had
seen me in Television, in newspaper, in magazines
etc…….. I hope she would have loved it too, ya she
should because my every song was for her…. Also I
didn’t want to lose my new friends again but what I
hadn’t expected was… Deepika proposed me, she
fell in love with me after reading this copy &
spending time with me in Darpan, just because she
liked the way I used to love Drishti in my college
time. I simply rejected her proposal as I could never
give her that place which I had already given to
Drishti & further made her aware of that, that no
one could take that place neither God nor Death… 
To this she simply told me that she would wait for
me till her death…. I tried to explain her but she
was not ready to talk anything to me in this context.
I love her voice, her way of singing but Yaadi you
know naa, I can’t Love her…….. One day she once
again proposed me on her knees with tear in her
eyes, seeing her like this my memories again
revived & I simply accepted her proposal but on
condition that I’ll never touch her, to this she just
said No problem at all…… I knew it would have
hurted Akshit a lot but this time it was he who have
to give sacrifice. Then I married Deepika, simply in
a Temple & gave Dhanush my surname Garg… I
personally loved him a lot, as I used to find myself
in him….. We were a complete family…. I used to
sleep with Dhanush & my guitar at first floor & she
at ground floor…. I had gifted Akshit one of my
apartment at Rohini….. I started talking with
Deepika like I used to talk with Drishti though I
couldn’t give her the same love as for Drishti. Even
on her wish, I used to celebrate picnic at various
places in Delhi remembering my old memories with
my enfield again……” 

Cigarette : 13


 
Mayur Vihar, Delhi……….
13 Dec, 2012 ; 06:00a.m..
Chirag is vomiting a lot, in blood, blood is all
around through out his nose, mouth….. He is
finding himself very weak, pathetic… Even He is
trying but he is not able to stand on his own…. The
copy he was reading is completed upto 2011, Now
he wants to share his journey of 2012 which is not
in copy as he writes that copy at the end of year….
He is trying to share, share 2012………
Yaadi,” Are you alright? ”
Chirag,” Ya, I’m fine… Just little bit Red…. Bhai, I’m
very lucky naa…….”
Yaadi,” Ya, You are very lucky… I know it…..”
Chirag,” Ya, As it was the time for God’s Gift or you
can say it the outcome of loving someone other
than Drishti……. It went as, My health started
deteriorating a lot, I went for medical check up &
then one Doctor came to me & told that I have
Blood Cancer : A God’s Gift ,I was shocked
completely shocked, I was not believing what was 
going on with me…. I started loving Dhanush, my
son…. He is only 3 year old, Why did it happen to
me, I asked the Doctor for calling it to be a gift
given by God…. The Doctor explained that my
continous love towards smoking 12 cigarettes a day
is responsible for this, He called it gift because the
patient of the Blood Cancer knows his time of
Death. He further warned me that if I leave
smoking then I may live 2 or more years but if I
didn’t leave it then I will die within this year…. Did
you listen, Yaadi I’ll die……..”
Yaadi,” Bhai, Tell me the truth, are you afraid of
Death, Haan???”
Chirag,” No, Never….. I just wanted some more
time to spend with Dhanush but I can’t betray this
time with my cigarette for love anymore… I
decided to love my soul-mate cigarette as she was
the one who was very truthful to me from the very
start as she was hugging me with every sip I was
taking. I told Deepika that I want to spend this year
alone without telling anyone about my disease, I
took this flat with no. 13-m here in Mayur Vihar & a
new pulsar 180cc to forget about the memories
associated with my enfield. Now, it was the time to
just love only two things Life & her (cigarette), I
started visiting orphanages where the young
children living without their parents, in very poor
condition….. They have very less to wear, very less
to eat, drink, in unhygienic conditions, with no
dreams, no scope of study for them, just devoid of
the world from which I had come…. But they have
one thing in excess ie-LOVE, they love each other
more than as in family we do… The best part about
them is, they never complaint to anyone, they are
always happy with their life, This is the basic funda
that one needs to live his life happily which I found
when I don’t have anymore time left. Now, it made
me happy to eat with them, to play with them….. It
was my daily routine to spend time at orphanage, in
visiting various places like my mother used to visit,
Now I could feel her position, when you know your
death’s arrival, it becomes impossible for you to
love others like I finds difficulty in loving Dhanush
& Deepika’s voice. Only thing I could do was just to
love my life… After spending time like this, at night
I used to join Darpan & my son Dhanush, after
enjoying with them I returned back to this room &
started loving my cigarette, my guitar & sometimes 
Drishti in my heart…I have prepared a will
declaring half of my property in name of Darpan
Band & remaining half to those who need a lot like
orphanages & schools running on trusts.... Oh what
a wonderful day it was, 12 Dec, 2012… I took a
quick shower at about 4:00 a.m. & then raced the
pulsar throughout the various places in Ghaziabad
& Delhi…. Visiting AIT after a long, refilled me with
my love, I made telephone call to all one by one,
Mayank, Arjun, Deepak, Sneha, Radhika, Nishant.. a
lot….I was just recollecting all my moments that I
had lived in my whole life whether at terraces or
football ground, wether at AIT or Gaamaa Pvt. Ltd.
Whether with Darpan or Drishti….. It was the
complete day of my life, before joining you… I’m
talking to you from last 6 months & in those months
you have made me to fall in your love like you make
every one to fall, Yaadi…”
Yaadi,” Bro, I’m in love with you too….. Say what
ever is in your heart, Complete it today…….”
Chirag,” Bhai, Thanks for being with me……”
Yaadi,” I’m equally thankful to you… Now, I allow
you to go & love her, your 13th one…” 
Chirag,”I’m going but, I want to accept something.”
Yaadi,” Ya speak….”
Chirag,” I love her, I love Drishti…… Bhai, whoever I
have loved is not with me……”
Yaadi,” Bhai, It’s not ture everyone has equally
loved you as well though it was never open….. Bhai,
Now Marry with your soul-mate……”
Chirag,” Ya, I’m going to marry her (cigarette), At
least one thing is very clear, She replies me back
more I love her, more it takes me near to her iedeath, I’m feeling joy of love in dying because of
her, my true lover. I could feel her pain in ash which
she gives me after burning herself. Drishti is happy
with her son & daughter along with Arjun, Deepak
is also doing fine, Darpan is also touching the sky
with Deepika, Dhanush & Akshit….. The letter ‘D’ is
very significant to me that’s why I love to write
‘C+D’, But now I know why I couldn’t live with them
because I’m a ‘C’ which can get love from only ‘C’
ie-Cigarette,….. I love you my dear Cigarette…… ”
Yaadi,” Oh great, Can you dedicate a song, this
time for all Ds & Cs, even for me Y………” 
Chirag,” Ya, I try…….”
Chirag is in worst condition with Blood, he is
completely red but still he can’t deny when it
comes to music, whom he loves most, even more
than Cs & Ds, which he himself never know...............
He sings……..
Kahin se kahin ko bhi,
Aao bewajah chale,
Poochhe bina kisi se,
Hum mile…………….
Bandishe naa rahi koi baaqi,
Tum ho,
Tum ho paas mere, saath mere ho
Tum yun,
Jitna mehsoos karooon tumko, utna hi paa bhi loon
Ooooh hoo hoo...............................
He is crying but without any regret, just because he
is feeling joy, remembering his journey on Earth……
Chirag,” Bhai usney (Drishti) kabhi mujhse pyaar
kiya tha…. Sach bataana……”
Yaadi,” Haan, Bhai vo tujhse bhi utna hi pyaar karti
thi jitna tuu usseiy, aur aaj bhi karti hai aur karti
rahegi……” 
Chirag,” Bhai mai useiy bahut khush rakhna chahta
tha, bhai mai uski goed me sar rakh kar aakhiri
saans lena chahta tha, Bhai vo mereiy marneiy par
mujhey dekhneiy aayegi, apni promise todkar.....??”
Yaadi,” Beshak, Bhai vo daudi chali aayegi, tu
beshak aaj mujhey choedkar jaa rha hai par jo
Chirag abhi tak yahaan jiya hai vo khud ko yahaan
choedkar jaa rha hai, ham sab k beech, ham sab k
dilo me…. Bhai everyone loves you”
Chirag,” Only, This I want to hear, Now I can die
loving her, Love you Mom & Dad, Love you
Deepika, Dhanush, Deepak, Darpan & Drishti, for
loving me…. Love you Yaadi too…..”
Yaadi,”I love you too & they too also…….”
Chirag,” Bhai, now let me go alone with my
cigarette & no one else, Just I want to love her, only
she & me…. Now I have to go……”
Yaadi,” Bhai, Go I have no issues, Good Bye but
listen first, complete your promise, Your promise to
Drishti that in your last breathe, there will be all
everlasting love for her………”
Chirag,” Are you asking me to sing again, for her?”
Yaadi,” Sing, If you can…….”
Chirag,” So, Ok… Just for her, For Just One Word,
Love Let me try again……..
Tum ho toh, gata hai dil….
Tum nahin, toh geet kahan….
Tum ho toh, hai sab hasil….
Tum nahin, toh kya hai yahan….
Tum ho toh hai, sapno ke jaisa hasin….
Ek samaa…………………..
Jo tum ho toh, yeh lagtha hai….
Ke mil gayi har khushi….
Jo tum na ho, yeh lagtha hai….
Ke har khushi mein hai kami….
Tumko hai mangti…..
Yeh zindagii….”
& Suddenly he stops as his guitar strings get broken
by cutting his fingers, all with blood… He utters….
Chirag,” Yaadi, Bhai Dekha na, ab to mera guitar
bhi saath choed gya, vo bhi chahta hai ki ab mai so
jaun hamesha k liye, shayad ussiey mera dard dekha
nhi jaata…….. ”
Yaadi,” Bhai vo bas ye chahta hai ki ab tere aur teri
cigarette k beech me koi na aaye…..” 
Chirag,” Chal Bhai Bas tera mera saath yahin tak
tha, Alvidaa…… Alvidaa mere Bhai agar tu na hota
to mai kab ka mar gya hota….. Alvida…. I love you..”
Yaadi,” Bhai mai tujhey kaafi miss karunga, I love
you too & miss you too……. Bhai ja apni maut jee
le…………”
Chirag this time with full strength stands, comes to
the mirror & kisses himself & for the last time
utters……..
Chirag,” Alvida, Mere Bhai………..”
Yaadi,” Alvida…….. Bhai you have lived for Just One
Word, Love, I’m proud of you & the whole world
should be……..”
Chirag,” This time is for 13th one, Chal chalta hun…
Mujhey ab is cigarette se shaadi karni hai………….”
Yaadi,” Bhai fir tu kabhi nhi aayega, mujhse milney?
Kabhi nhi, haan???”
Chirag just passes smile & moves towards Bedroom,
He logs-in again to his Facebook account, in
notifications there are 513 likes to his recent
updated status with 213 comments, He visits 
Drishti’s profile & kisses her on screen, He is happy
to see her with his complete family, He decides to
write his last status, He is typing……..
Mr Kapoor pauses the last video recording just to
see what he had typed in his last status……..
“ Dear Word LOVE, Why these people make you so
complicated which you aren’t….. I have loved so
many people & life too… I know how much Divine
you are…. Hey Deepika, I’m going to leave you with
Akshit forever, if you have loved me then you
should marry Akshit, He loves you a lot He will give
you everything which you have expected from your
life, Just go with her….. Hey Dhanush, My
Champion, I’ll not be there to teach you football
but I know that you will play it better than me, Lots
of goals are waiting for you…… Going to miss you
Darpan…. Hey Deepak & Arjun, Bhai AIT ki raatein
aur Meri Enfield ka saath mere saath Bhula mat
dena…. Love you both…….Love you Mom & Dad,
Mom I’m coming to you, just wait for me…… Hey
My Love, My Life Drishti, Sorry for breaking your
promise at your wedding but you were looking
beautiful in that wedding dress with Arjun, I’m not
asking for any sorry Because I just love you, Keep 
smiling like always…. I am tired a lot, I’m going to
sleep, sleep for a long, But whenever you need me,
just put your hand on heart & take my name, I’ll
surely come to you in form of wind…… Drishti, I
love you…. I love you….. ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ As usual
I want to dedicate 4 lines to you at last………
Ye dil tujhe na bhulaayega,
Kya tu phir se laut aayega,
Main to khud ko bakaraar baar baar karta hoon…..
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse, pyaar karta hoon..
Pyar sirf tumse , pyar sirf tumse….
Love you all & I’ll love you all till my last breathe…..”
After seeing the status, Mr. Kapoor again continues
the recording……..
Chirag now goes to bathroom, He fills the tub with
water, He lights his 13
th
 cigarette, He is staring at it
continuously & now he enters in Bath-tub, He lies
down & starts kissing her, He is talking with his
cigarette……..
Chirag,” Thanks for loving me, Not leaving me till
my last breathe…My whole life I fighted a lot for
which you had gifted me, Just One Word, Love…..” 
Chirag’s voice drops down, blood is still flowing, his
hands drop down with 13
th
 cigarette gripped firmly
& still it is burning but he is no more……Clock shows
7:30 a.m……………….
This led to the end of all video recording session……
PROLOUGE CONTINUES…
“Oh My god! Oh no! Oh no! He is…… He is…… He
is………”, Mr Kapoor uttered…………
“………………..He is the lead Singer of the most
famous Music Band ‘DARPAN’, also the General
Manager of Gaamaa Pvt. Ltd….He couldn’t die like
this….”, Mr Kapoor uttered…..
After seeing the video, The police men discuss with
each other about the case…..
Mr. Sharma,” Oh, So sad, How much wrong are we
about the Love???”
Mr. Kapoor,” Sir, Whose fault was this? Was it
cigarette’s fault or Chirag’s himself, or his love for
Drishti or his living devoid of any one in contact for 
very long????? He was a great boy, Hats off to
him……”
Mr. Kapoor along with Mr. Sharma salutes him,
mainly for his sacrifices…..
Mr. Sharma,” God Knows, whose fault was this……”
Mr. Kapoor,” Should we send this copy to her,
Drishti………”
Mr. Sharma,” No, Just Wait She will surely come if
she had loved him by heart, if she know the
meaning of Just One Word, Love”…..
Mr. Sharma then dismiss the further case
proceedings………………………………………… 

The End The End
Just One Word, Love Just One Word, Love
Thanks a lot……



 
If you have loved the novel then Please, like
the page www.facebook.com/justonewordlove
You can also send me you feedbacks at :
Facebook: vishvendrasinghtomar@yahoo.com
Gmail: vst.novels.dtu@gmail.com
Thanks again…..
Merry Christmas & Happy New year, 2013, To
you & your family……
Always Keep Smiling ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺

Just One Word, Love Just One Word, Love

 
 