Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
by J.K. Rowling

CHAPTER ONE 

DUDLEY DEMENTED

The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to a close and a drowsy 
silence lay over the large, square houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were 
usually gleaming stood dusty in their drives and lawns that were once 
emerald green lay parched and yellowing -for the use of hosepipes had been 
banned due to drought. Deprived of their usual car-washing and lawn-mowing 
pursuits, the inhabitants of Privet Drive had retreated into the shade of 
their cool houses, windows thrown wide in the hope of tempting in a 
nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was a teenage boy who was 
lying flat on his back in a flowerbed outside number four. 
He was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who had the pinched, 
slightly unhealthy look of someone who has grown a lot in a short space of 
time. His jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and faded, and the 
soles of his trainers were peeling away from the uppers. Harry Potter's 
appearance did not endear him to the neighbours, who were the sort of 
people who thought scruffi-ness ought to be punishable by law, but as he 
had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was quite 
invisible to passers-by. In fact, the only way he would be spotted was if 
his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck their heads out of the living-room 
window and looked straight down into the flowerbed below. 
On the whole, Harry thought he was to be congratulated on his idea of 
hiding here. He was not, perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard 
earth but, on the other hand, nobody was glaring at him, grinding their 
teeth so loudly that he could not hear the news, or shooting nasty 
questions at him, as had happened every time he had tried sitting down in 
the living room to watch television with his aunt and uncle. 
Almost as though this thought had fluttered through the open window, Vernon 
Dursley, Harry's uncle, suddenly spoke. 
'Glad to see the boy's stopped trying to butt in. Where is he, anyway?' 
'I don't know,' said Aunt Petunia, unconcerned. 'Not in the house.' 
Uncle Vernon grunted. 
'Watching the news ...' he said scathingly. 'I'd like to know what he's 
really up to. As if a normal boy cares what's on the news -Dudley hasn't 
got a clue what's going on; doubt he knows who the Prime Minister is! 
Anyway, it's not as if there'd be anything about his lot on our news - ' 
'Vernon, shh!' said Aunt Petunia. The window's open!' 
'Oh - yes - sorry, dear.' 
The Dursleys fell silent. Harry listened to a jingle about Fruit 'n' Bran 
breakfast cereal while he watched Mrs Figg, a batty cat-loving old lady 
from nearby Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past. She was frowning and 
muttering to herself. Harry was very pleased he was concealed behind the 
bush, as Mrs Figg had recently taken to asking him round for tea whenever 
she met him in the street. She had rounded the corner and vanished from 
view before Uncle Vernon's voice floated out of the window again. 
'Dudders out for tea?' 
'At the Polkisses',' said Aunt Petunia fondly. 'He's got so many little 
friends, he's so popular 
Harry suppressed a snort with difficulty. The Dursleys really were 
astonishingly stupid about their son, Dudley. They had swallowed all his 
dim-witted lies about having tea with a different member of his gang every 
night of the summer holidays. Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley had not 
been to tea anywhere; he and his gang spent every evening vandalising the 
play park, smoking on street corners and throwing stones at passing cars 
and children. Harry had seen them at it during his evening walks around 
Little Whinging; he had spent most of the holidays wandering the streets, 
scavenging newspapers from bins along the way. 
The opening notes of the music that heralded the seven o'clock news reached 
Harry's ears and his stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight - after a month 
of waiting - would be the night. 
'Record numbers of stranded holiday makers fill airports as the Spanish 
baggage-handlers' strike reaches its second week - 
'Give 'em a lifelong siesta, I would,' snarled Uncle Vernon over the end of 
the newsreader's sentence, but no matter: outside in the flowerbed, Harrys 
stomach seemed to unclench. If anything had happened, it would surely have 
been the first item on the news; death and destruction were more important 
than stranded holidaymakers. 
He let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the brilliant blue sky. 
Every day this summer had been the same: the tension, the expectation, the 
temporary relief, and then mounting tension again... and always, growing 
more insistent all the time, the question of why nothing had happened yet. 
He kept listening, just in case there was some small clue, not recognised 
for what it really was by the Muggles - an unexplained disappearance, 
perhaps, or some strange accident... but the baggage-handlers' strike was 
followed by news about the drought in the Southeast ('I hope he's listening 
next door!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'Him with his sprinklers on at three in 
the morning!'), then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in 
Surrey, then a famous actress's divorce from her famous husband ('As if 
we're interested in their sordid affairs,' sniffed Aunt Petunia, who had 
followed the case obsessively in every magazine she could lay her bony 
hands on). 
Harry closed his eyes against the now blazing evening sky as the newsreader 
said, '- and finally, Bungy the budgie has found a novel way of keeping 
cool this summer. Bungy, who lives at the Five Feathers in Barnsley, has 
learned to water ski! Mary Dorkins went to find out more.' 
Harry opened his eyes. If they had reached water-skiing budgerigars, there 
would be nothing else worth hearing. He rolled cautiously on to his front 
and raised himself on to his knees and elbows, preparing to crawl out from 
under the window. 
He had moved about two inches when several things happened in very quick 
succession. 
A loud, echoing crack broke the sleepy silence like a gunshot; a cat 
streaked out from under a parked car and flew out of sight; a shriek, a 
bellowed oath and the sound of breaking china came from the Dursleys' 
living room, and as though this was the signal Harry had been waiting for 
he jumped to his feet, at the same time pulling from the waistband of his 
jeans a thin wooden wand as if he were unsheathing a sword - but before he 
could draw himself up to full height, the top of his head collided with the 
Dursleys' open window. The resultant crash made Aunt Petunia scream even 
louder. 
Harry felt as though his head had been split in two. Eyes streaming, he 
swayed, trying to focus on the street to spot the source of the noise, but 
he had barely staggered upright when two large purple hands reached through 
the open window and closed tightly around his throat. 
'Put - it - away!' Uncle Vernon snarled into Harry's ear. 'Now.' Before - 
anyone - sees!' 
'Get - off - me!' Harry gasped. For a few seconds they struggled, Harry 
pulling at his uncles sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right 
maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand; then, as the pain in the top of 
Harry's head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and 
released Harry as though he had received an electric shock. Some invisible 
force seemed to have surged through his nephew, making him impossible to 
hold. 
Panting, Harry fell forwards over the hydrangea bush, straightened up and 
stared around. There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking 
noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows. 
Harry stuffed his wand hastily back into his jeans and tried to look 
innocent. 
'Lovely evening!' shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mrs Number Seven 
opposite, who was glaring from behind her net curtains. 'Did you hear that 
car backfire just now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn!' 
He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curious 
neighbours had disappeared from their various windows, then the grin became 
a grimace of rage as he beckoned Harry back towards him. 
Harry moved a few steps closer, taking care to stop just short of the point 
at which Uncle Vernon's outstretched hands could resume their strangling. 
'What the devil do you mean by it, boy?' asked Uncle Vernon in a croaky 
voice that trembled with fury. 
'What do I mean by what?' said Harry coldly. He kept looking left and right 
up the street, still hoping to see the person who had made the cracking 
noise. 
'Making a racket like a starting pistol right outside our -
'I didn't make that noise,' said Harry firmly. 
Aunt Petunia's thin, horsy face now appeared beside Uncle Vernon's wide, 
purple one. She looked livid. 
'Why were you lurking under our window?' 
'Yes - yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our window, 
boy?' 
'Listening to the news,' said Harry in a resigned voice. 
His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage. 
'Listening to the news! Again?' 
'Well, it changes every day, you see,' said Harry. 
'Don't you be clever with me, boy! I want to know what you're really up to 
- and don't give me any more of this listening to the news tosh! You know 
perfectly well that your lot - 
'Careful, Vernon!' breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon lowered his 
voice so that Harry could barely hear him,'- that your lot don't get on our 
news!' 
'That's all you know,' said Harry. 
The Dursleys goggled at him for a few seconds, then Aunt Petunia said, 
'You're a nasty little liar. What are all those -' she, too, lowered her 
voice so that Harry had to lip-read the next word, - owls doing if they're 
not bringing you news?' 
'Aha!' said Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper. 'Get out of that one, 
boy! As if we didn't know you get all your news from those pestilential 
birds!' 
Harry hesitated for a moment. It cost him something to tell the truth this 
time, even though his aunt and uncle could not possibly know how bad he 
felt at admitting it. 
'The owls... aren't bringing me news,' he said tonelessly. 
'I don't believe it,' said Aunt Petunia at once. 
'No more do I,' said Uncle Vernon forcefully. 
'We know you're up to something funny,' said Aunt Petunia. 
'We're not stupid, you know,' said Uncle Vernon. 
'Well, that's news to me,' said Harry, his temper rising, and before the 
Dursleys could call him back, he had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, 
stepped over the low garden wall and was striding off up the street. 
He was in trouble now and he knew it. He would have to face his aunt and 
uncle later and pay the price for his rudeness, but he did not care very 
much just at the moment; he had much more pressing matters on his mind. 
Harry was sure the cracking noise had been made by someone Apparating or 
Disapparating. It was exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf made when he 
vanished into thin air. Was it possible that Dobby was here in Privet 
Drive? Could Dobby be following him right at this very moment? As this 
thought occurred he wheeled around and stared back down Privet Drive, but 
it appeared to be completely deserted and Harry was sure that Dobby did not 
know how to become invisible. 
He walked on, hardly aware of the route he was taking, for he had pounded 
these streets so often lately that his feet carried him to his favourite 
haunts automatically. Every few steps he glanced back over his shoulder. 
Someone magical had been near him as he lay among Aunt Petunia's dying 
begonias, he was sure of it. Why hadn't they spoken to him, why hadn't they 
made contact, why were they hiding now? 
And then, as his feeling of frustration peaked, his certainty leaked away. 
Perhaps it hadn't been a magical sound after all. Perhaps he was so 
desperate for the tiniest sign of contact from the world to which he 
belonged that he was simply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noises. 
Could he be sure it hadn't been the sound of something breaking inside a 
neighbour's house? 
Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in his stomach and before he knew it 
the feeling of hopelessness that had plagued him all summer rolled over him 
once again. 
Tomorrow morning he would be woken by the alarm at five o'clock so he could 
pay the owl that delivered the Daily Prophet -but was there any point 
continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the front page before 
throwing it aside these days; when the idiots who ran the paper finally 
realised that Voldemort was back it would be headline news, and that was 
the only kind Harry cared about. 
If he was lucky, there would also be owls carrying letters from his best 
friends Ron and Hermione, though any expectation he'd had that their 
letters would bring him news had long since been dashed. 
We can't say much about you-know-what, obviously... We've been told not to 
say anything important in case our letters go astray... We're quite busy 
but I can't give you details here... There's a fair amount going on, we'll 
tell you everything when we see you... 
But when were they going to see him? Nobody seemed too bothered with a 
precise date. Hermione had scribbled I expect we'll be seeing you quite 
soon inside his birthday card, but how soon was soon? As far as Harry could 
tell from the vague hints in their letters, Hermione and Ron were in the 
same place, presumably at Ron's parents' house. He could hardly bear to 
think of the pair of them having fun at The Burrow when he was stuck in 
Privet Drive. In fact, he was so angry with them he had thrown away, 
unopened, the two boxes of Honeydukes chocolates they'd sent him for his 
birthday. He'd regretted it later, after the wilted salad Aunt Petunia had 
provided for dinner that night. 
And what were Ron and Hermione busy with? Why wasn't he, Harry, busy? 
Hadn't he proved himself capable of handling much more than them? Had they 
all forgotten what he had done? Hadn't it been he who had entered that 
graveyard and watched Cedric being murdered, and been tied to that 
tombstone and nearly killed? 
Don't think about that, Harry told himself sternly for the hundredth lime 
that summer. It was bad enough that he kept revisiting the graveyard in his 
nightmares, without dwelling on it in his waking moments too. 
He turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent; halfway along he passed the 
narrow alleyway down the side of a garage where he had first clapped eyes 
on his godfather. Sirius, at least, seemed to understand how Harry was 
feeling. Admittedly, his letters were just as empty of proper news as Ron 
and Hermione's, but at least they contained words of caution and 
consolation instead of tantalising hints: 
I know this must be frustrating for you... Keep your nose clean and 
everything will be OK... Be careful and don't do anything rash... 
Well, thought Harry, as he crossed Magnolia Crescent, turned into Magnolia 
Road and headed towards the darkening play park, he had (by and .large) 
done as Sirius advised. He had at least resisted the temptation to tie his 
trunk to his broomstick and set off for The Burrow by himself. In fact, 
Harry thought his behaviour had been very good considering how frustrated 
and angry he felt at being stuck in Privet Drive so long, reduced to hiding 
in flowerbeds in the hope of hearing something that might point to what 
Lord Voldemort was doing. Nevertheless, it was quite galling to be told not 
to be rash by a man who had served twelve years in the wizard prison, 
Azkaban, escaped, attempted to commit the murder he had been convicted for 
in the first place, then gone on the run with a stolen Hippogriff. 
Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off across the parched 
grass. The park was as empty as the surrounding streets. When he reached 
the swings he sank on to the only one that Dudley and his friends had not 
yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain and stared moodily at 
the ground. He would not be able to hide in the Dursleys' flowerbed again. 
Tomorrow, he would have to think of some fresh way of listening to the 
news. In the meantime, he had nothing to look forward to but another 
restless, disturbed night, because even when he escaped the nightmares 
about Cedric he had unsettling dreams about long dark corridors, all 
finishing in dead ends and locked doors, which he supposed had something to 
do with the trapped feeling he had when he was awake. Often the old scar on 
his forehead prickled uncomfortably, but he did not fool himself that Ron 
or Hermione or Sirius would find that very interesting any more. In the 
past, his scar hurting had warned that Voldemort was getting stronger 
again, but now that Voldemort was back they would probably remind him that 
its regular irritation was only to be expected... nothing to worry about... 
old news... 
The injustice of it all welled up inside him so that he wanted to yell with 
fury. If it hadn't been for him, nobody would even have known Voldemort was 
back! And his reward was to be stuck in Little Whinging for four solid 
weeks, completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to squatting 
among dying begonias so that he could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! 
How could Dumbledore have forgotten him so easily? Why had Ron and Hermione 
got together without inviting him along, too? How much longer was he 
supposed to endure Sirius telling him to sit tight and be a good boy; or 
resist the temptation to write to the stupid Daily Prophet and point out 
that Voldemort had returned? These furious thoughts whirled around in 
Harry's head, and his insides writhed with anger as a sultry, velvety night 
fell around him, the air full of the smell of warm, dry grass, and the only 
sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park 
railings. 
He did not know how long he had sat on the swing before the sound of voices 
interrupted his musings and he looked up. The streetlamps from the 
surrounding roads were casting a misty glow strong enough to silhouette a 
group of people making their way across the park. One of them was singing a 
loud, crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking noise came from 
several expensive racing bikes that they were wheeling along. 
Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front was unmistakably his 
cousin, Dudley Dursley, wending his way home, accompanied by his faithful 
gang. 
Dudley was as vast as ever, but a year's hard dieting and the discovery of 
a new talent had wrought quite a change in his physique. As Uncle Vernon 
delightedly told anyone who would listen, Dudley had recently become the 
Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of the Southeast. The noble 
sport', as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable 
than he had seemed to Harry in their primary school days when he had served 
as Dudley's first punchball. Harry was not remotely afraid of his cousin 
any more but he still didn't think that Dudley learning to punch harder and 
more accurately was cause for celebration. Neighbourhood children all 
around were terrified of him - even more terrified than they were of 'that 
Potter boy' who, they had been warned, was a hardened hooligan and attended 
St Brutus's Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys. 
Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass and wondered who they had 
been beating up tonight. Look round, Harry found himself thinking as he 
watched them. Come on... look round... I'm sitting here all alone... come 
and have a go... 
If Dudley's friends saw him sitting here, they would be sure to make a 
beeline for him, and what would Dudley do then? He wouldn't want to lose 
face in front of the gang, but he'd be terrified of provoking Harry... it 
would be really fun to watch Dudley's dilemma, to taunt him, watch him, 
with him powerless to respond... and if any of the others tried hitting 
Harry, he was ready - he had his wand. Let them try... he'd love to vent 
some of his frustration on the boys who had once made his life hell. 
But they didn't turn around, they didn't see him, they were almost at the 
railings. Harry mastered the impulse to call after them... seeking a fight 
was not a smart move... he must not use magic... he would be risking 
expulsion again. 
The voices of Dudley's gang died away; they were out of sight, heading 
along Magnolia Road. 
There you go, Sirius, Harry thought dully. Nothing rash. Kept my nose 
clean. Exactly the opposite of what you'd have done. 
He got to his feet and stretched. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon seemed to 
feel that whenever Dudley turned up was the right time to be home, and any 
time after that was much too late. Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock 
Harry in the shed if he came home after Dudley ever again, so, stifling a 
yawn, and still scowling, Harry set off towards the park gate. 
Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of large, square houses with 
perfectly manicured lawns, all owned by large, square owners who drove very 
clean cars similar to Uncle Vernon's. Harry preferred Little Whinging by 
night, when the curtained windows made patches of jewel-bright colour in 
the darkness and he ran no danger of hearing disapproving mutters about his 
'delinquent' appearance when he passed the householders. He walked quickly, 
so that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudley's gang came into view again; 
they were saying their farewells at the entrance to Magnolia Crescent. 
Harry stepped into the shadow of a large lilac tree and waited. 
'... squealed like a pig, didn't he?' Malcolm was saying, to guffaws from 
the others. 
'Nice right hook, Big D,' said Piers. 
'Same time tomorrow?' said Dudley. 
'Round at my place, my parents will be out,' said Gordon. 
'See you then,' said Dudley. 
'Bye, Dud!' 
'See ya, Big D!' 
Harry waited for the rest of the gang to move on before setting off again. 
When their voices had faded once more he headed around the corner into 
Magnolia Crescent and by walking very quickly he soon came within hailing 
distance of Dudley, who was strolling along at his ease, humming 
tunelessly. 
'Hey, Big D!' 
Dudley turned. 
'Oh,' he grunted. 'It's you.' 
'How long have you been "Big D" then?' said Harry. 
'Shut it,' snarled Dudley, turning away. 
'Cool name,' said Harry, grinning and falling into step beside his cousin. 
'But you'll always be "Ickle Diddykins" to me.' 
'I said, SHUT IT!' said Dudley, whose ham-like hands had curled into fists. 
'Don't the boys know that's what your mum calls you?' 
'Shut your face.' 
'You don't tell her to shut her face. What about "Popkin" and "Dinky 
Diddydums", can I use them then?' 
Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself from hitting Harry 
seemed to demand all his self-control. 
'So who've you been beating up tonight?' Harry asked, his grin fading. 
'Another ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evans two nights ago -
'He was asking for it,' snarled Dudley. 
'Oh yeah?' 
'He cheeked me.' 
'Yeah? Did he say you look like a pig that's been taught to walk on its 
hind legs? 'Cause that's not cheek, Dud, that's true.' 
A muscle was twitching in Dudley's jaw. It gave Harry enormous satisfaction 
to know how furious he was making Dudley; he felt as though he was 
siphoning off his own frustration into his cousin, the only outlet he had. 
They turned right down the narrow alleyway where Harry had first seen 
Sirius and which formed a short cut between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria 
Walk. It was empty and much darker than the streets it linked because there 
were no streetlamps. Their footsteps were muffled between garage walls on 
one side and a high fence on the other. 
Think you're a big man carrying that thing, don't you?' Dudley said after a 
few seconds. 
'What thing?' 
'That - that thing you are hiding.' 
Harry grinned again. 
'Not as stupid as you look, are you, Dud? But I s'pose, if you were, you 
wouldn't be able to walk and talk at the same time.' 
Harry pulled out his wand. He saw Dudley look sideways at it. 
'You're not allowed,' Dudley said at once. 'I know you're not. You'd get 
expelled from that freak school you go to.' 
'How d'you know they haven't changed the rules, Big D?' 
They haven't,' said Dudley, though he didn't sound completely convinced. 
Harry laughed softly. 
'You haven't got the guts to take me on without that thing, have you?' 
Dudley snarled. 
'Whereas you just need four mates behind you before you can beat up a ten 
year old. You know that boxing title you keep banging on about? How old was 
your opponent? Seven? Eight?' 
'He was sixteen, for your information,' snarled Dudley, 'and he was out 
cold for twenty minutes after I'd finished with him and he was twice as 
heavy as you. You just wait till I tell Dad you had that thing out -
'Running to Daddy now, are you? Is his ickle boxing champ frightened of 
nasty Harry's wand?' 
'Not this brave at night, are you?' sneered Dudley. 
This is night, Diddykins. That's what we call it when it goes all dark like 
this.' 
'I mean when you're in bed!' Dudley snarled. 
He had stopped walking. Harry stopped too, staring at his cousin. 
From the little he could see of Dudley's large face, he was wearing a 
strangely triumphant look. 
'What d'you mean, I'm not brave when I'm in bed?' said Harry, completely 
nonplussed. 'What am I supposed to be frightened of, pillows or something?' 
'I heard you last night,' said Dudley breathlessly. Talking in your sleep. 
Moaning.' 
'What d'you mean?' Harry said again, but there was a cold, plunging 
sensation in his stomach. He had revisited the graveyard last night in his 
dreams. 
Dudley gave a harsh bark of laughter, then adopted a high-pitched 
whimpering voice. 
'"Don't kill Cedric! Don't kill Cedric!" Who's Cedric - your boyfriend?' 
'I - you're lying,' said Harry automatically. But his mouth had gone dry. 
He knew Dudley wasn't lying - how else would he know about Cedric? 
'"Dad! Help me, Dad! He's going to kill me, Dad! Boo hoo!"' 
'Shut up,' said Harry quietly. 'Shut up, Dudley, I'm warning you!' 
''Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help me! He's killed Cedric! Dad, 
help me! He's going to -" Don't you point that thing at me!' 
Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry was pointing the wand directly at 
Dudley's heart. Harry could feel fourteen years' hatred of Dudley pounding 
in his veins - what wouldn't he give to strike now, to jinx Dudley so 
thoroughly he'd have to crawl home like an insect, struck dumb, sprouting 
feelers... 
'Don't ever talk about that again,' Harry snarled. 'D'you understand me?' 
'Point that thing somewhere else!' 
'I said, do you understand me?' 
'Point it somewhere else!' 
'DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?' 
'GET THAT THING AWAY FROM -' 
Dudley gave an odd, shuddering gasp, as though he had been doused in icy 
water. 
Something had happened to the night. The star-strewn indigo sky was 
suddenly pitch black and lightless - the stars, the moon, the misty 
streetlamps at either end of the alley had vanished. The distant rumble of 
cars and the whisper of trees had gone. The balmy evening was suddenly 
piercingly, bitingly cold. They were surrounded by total, impenetrable, 
silent darkness, as though some giant hand had dropped a thick, icy mantle 
over the entire alleyway, blinding them. 
For a split second Harry thought he had done magic without meaning to, 
despite the fact that he'd been resisting as hard as he could - then his 
reason caught up with his senses - he didn't have the power to turn off the 
stars. He turned his head this way and that, trying to see something, but 
the darkness pressed on his eyes like a weightless veil. 
Dudley's terrified voice broke in Harry's ear. 
'W-what are you d-doing? St-stop it!' 
'I'm not doing anything! Shut up and don't move!' 
'I c-can't see! I've g-gone blind! I -' 
'I said shut up!' 
Harry stood stock still, turning his sightless eyes left and right. The 
cold was so intense he was shivering all over; goose bumps had erupted up 
his arms and the hairs on the back of his neck were standing up - he opened 
his eyes to their fullest extent, staring blankly around, unseeing. 
It was impossible... they couldn't be here... not in Little Whinging... he 
strained his ears... he would hear them before he saw them... 
'I'll't-tell Dad!' Dudley whimpered. 'W-where are you? What are you d-do-?' 
'Will you shut up?' Harry hissed, I'm trying to lis-' 
But he fell silent. He had heard just the thing he had been dreading. 
There was something in the alleyway apart from themselves, something that 
was drawing long, hoarse, rattling breaths. Harry felt a horrible jolt of 
dread as he stood trembling in the freezing air. 
'C-cut it out! Stop doing it! I'll h-hit you, I swear I will!' 
'Dudley, shut-' 
WHAM. 
A fist made contact with the side of Harrys head, lifting him off his feet. 
Small white lights popped in front of his eyes. For the second time in an 
hour Harry felt as though his head had been cleaved in two; next moment, he 
had landed hard on the ground and his wand had flown out of his hand. 
'You moron, Dudley!' Harry yelled, his eyes watering with pain as he 
scrambled to his hands and knees, feeling around frantically in the 
blackness. He heard Dudley blundering away, hitting the alley fence, 
stumbling. 
'DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOU'RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!' 
There was a horrible squealing yell and Dudley's footsteps stopped. At the 
same moment, Harry felt a creeping chill behind him that could mean only 
one thing. There was more than one. 
'DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! 
Wand!' Harry muttered frantically, his hands flying over the ground like 
spiders. 'Where's - wand -come on - lumos!' 
He said the spell automatically, desperate for light to help him in his 
search - and to his disbelieving relief, light flared inches from his right 
hand - the wand tip had ignited. Harry snatched it up, scrambled to his 
feet and turned around. 
His stomach turned over. 
A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly towards him, hovering over 
the ground, no feet or face visible beneath its robes, sucking on the night 
as it came. 
Stumbling backwards, Harry raised his wand. 
'Expecto patronum!' 
A silvery wisp of vapour shot from the tip of the wand and the Dementor 
slowed, but the spell hadn't worked properly; tripping over his own feet, 
Harry retreated further as the Dementor bore down upon him, panic fogging 
his brain - concentrate - 
A pair of grey, slimy, scabbed hands slid from inside the Dementor's robes, 
reaching for him. A rushing noise filled Harry's ears. 
'Expecto patronum!' 
His voice sounded dim and distant. Another wisp of silver smoke, feebler 
than the last, drifted from the wand - he couldn't do it any more, he 
couldn't work the spell. 
There was laughter inside his own head, shrill, high-pitched laughter... he 
could smell the Dementor's putrid, death-cold breath filling his own lungs, 
drowning him - think... something happy... 
But there was no happiness in him... the Dementor's icy fingers were 
closing on his throat - the high-pitched laughter was growing louder and 
louder, and a voice spoke inside his head: 'Bow to death, Harry...it might 
even be painless... I would not know ... I have never died ..." 
He was never going to see Ron and Hermione again -
And their faces burst clearly into his mind as he fought for breath. 
'EXPECTO PATRONUM!' 
An enormous silver stag erupted from the tip of Harry's wand; its antlers 
caught the Dementor in the place where the heart should have been; it was 
thrown backwards, weightless as darkness, and as the stag charged, the 
Dementor swooped away, bat-like and defeated. 
'THIS WAY!' Harry shouted at the stag. Wheeling around, he sprinted down 
the alleyway, holding the lit wand aloft. 'DUDLEY? DUDLEY!' 
He had run barely a dozen steps when he reached them: Dudley was curled up 
on the ground, his arms clamped over his face. A second Dementor was 
crouching low over him, gripping his wrists in its slimy hands, prising 
them slowly almost lovingly apart, lowering its hooded head towards 
Dudley's face as though about to kiss him. 
'GET IT!' Harry bellowed, and with a rushing, roaring sound, the silver 
stag he had conjured came galloping past him. The Dementor's eyeless face 
was barely an inch from Dudley's when the silver antlers caught it; the 
thing was thrown up into the air and, like its fellow, it soared away and 
was absorbed into the darkness; the stag cantered to the end of the 
alleyway and dissolved into silver mist. 
Moon, stars and streetlamps burst back into life. A warm breeze swept the 
alleyway. Trees rustled in neighbouring gardens and the mundane rumble of 
cars in Magnolia Crescent filled the air again. 
Harry stood quite still, all his senses vibrating, taking in the abrupt 
return to normality. After a moment, he became aware that his T-shirt was 
sticking to him; he was drenched in sweat. 
He could not believe what had just happened. Dementors here, in Little 
Whinging. 
Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and shaking. Harry bent down 
to see whether he was in a fit state to stand up, but then he heard loud, 
running footsteps behind him. Instinctively raising his wand again, he span 
on his heel to face the newcomer. 
Mrs Figg, their batty old neighbour, came panting into sight. Her grizzled 
grey hair was escaping from its hairnet, a clanking string shopping bag was 
swinging from her wrist and her feet were halfway out of her tartan carpet 
slippers. Harry made to stow his wand hurriedly out of sight, but -
'Don't put it away idiot boy!' she shrieked. 'What if there are more of 
them around? Oh, I'm going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!' 
- CHAPTER TWO 
A Peck of Owls 
'What?' said Harry blankly. 
'He left!' said Mrs Figg, wringing her hands. 'Left to see someone about a 
batch of cauldrons that fell off the back of a broom! I told him I'd flay 
him alive if he went, and now look! Dementors! It's just lucky I put Mr 
Tibbies on the case! But we haven't got time to stand around! Hurry, now, 
we've got to get you back! Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will 
kill him!' 
'But -' The revelation that his batty old cat-obsessed neighbour knew what 
Dementors were was almost as big a shock to Harry as meeting two of them 
down the alleyway. 'You're - you're a witch?' 
'I'm a Squib, as Mundungus knows full well, so how on earth was I supposed 
to help you fight off Dementors? He left you completely without cover when 
I'd warned him -' 
This Mundungus has been following me? Hang on - it was him! He Disapparated 
from the front of my house!' 
'Yes, yes, yes, but luckily I'd stationed Mr Tibbies under a car just in 
case, and Mr Tibbies came and warned me, but by the time I got to your 
house you'd gone - and now - oh, what's Dumbledore going to say? You!' she 
shrieked at Dudley, still supine on the alley floor. 'Get your fat bottom 
off the ground, quick!' 
'You know Dumbledore?' said Harry, staring at her. 
'Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesn't know Dumbledore? But come on - 
I'll be no help if they come back, I've never so much as Transfigured a 
teabag.' 
She stooped down, seized one of Dudley's massive arms in her wizened hands 
and tugged. 
'Get up, you useless lump, get up!' 
But Dudley either could not or would not move. He remained on the ground, 
trembling and ashen-faced, his mouth shut very tight. 
'I'll do it.' Harry took hold of Dudley's arm and heaved. With an enormous 
effort he managed to hoist him to his feet. Dudley seemed to be on the 
point of fainting. His small eyes were rolling in their sockets and sweat 
was beading his face; the moment Harry let go of him he swayed dangerously. 

'Hurry up!' said Mrs Figg hysterically. 
Harry pulled one of Dudley's massive arms around his own shoulders and 
dragged him towards the road, sagging slightly under the weight. Mrs Figg 
tottered along in front of them, peering anxiously around the corner. 
'Keep your wand out,' she told Harry, as they entered Wisteria Walk. 'Never 
mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there's going to be hell to pay anyway, we 
might as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about the Reasonable 
Restriction of Underage Sorcery... this was exactly what Dumbledore was 
afraid of - What's that at the end of the street? Oh, it's just Mr 
Prentice... don't put your wand away, boy, don't 1 keep telling you I'm no 
use?' 
It was not easy to hold a wand steady and haul Dudley along at the same 
time. Harry gave his cousin an impatient dig in the ribs, but Dudley seemed 
to have lost all desire for independent movement. He was slumped on Harry's 
shoulder, his large feet dragging along the ground. 
'Why didn't you tell me you're a Squib, Mrs Figg?' asked Harry, panting 
with the effort to keep walking. 'All those times I came round your house - 
why didn't you say anything?' 
'Dumbledore's orders. I was to keep an eye on you but not say anything, you 
were too young. I'm sorry I gave you such a miserable time, Harry, but the 
Dursleys would never have let you come if they'd thought you enjoyed it. It 
wasn't easy, you know... but oh my word,' she said tragically, wringing her 
hands once more, 'when Dumbledore hears about this - how could Mundungus 
have left, he was supposed to be on duty until midnight - where is he? How 
am I going to tell Dumbledore what's happened? I can't Apparate.' 
'I've got an owl, you can borrow her.' Harry groaned, wondering whether his 
spine was going to snap under Dudleys weight. 
'Harry, you don't understand! Dumbledore will need to act as quickly as 
possible, the Ministry have their own ways of detecting underage magic, 
they'll know already, you mark my words.' 
'But I was getting rid of Dementors, I had to use magic - they're going to 
be more worried about what Dementors were doing floating around Wisteria 
Walk, surely?' 
'Oh, my dear, I wish it were so, but I'm afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM 
GOING TO KILL YOU!' 
There was a loud crack and a strong smell of drink mingled with stale 
tobacco filled the air as a squat, unshaven man in a tattered overcoat 
materialised right in front of them. He had short, bandy legs, long 
straggly ginger hair and bloodshot, baggy eyes that gave him the doleful 
look of a basset hound. He was also clutching a silvery bundle that Harry 
recognised at once as an Invisibility Cloak. 
'S'up, Figgy?' he said, staring from Mrs Figg to Harry and Dudley. 'What 
'appened to staying undercover?' 
I'll give you undercover' cried Mrs Figg. 'Dementors, you useless, skiving 
sneak thief!' 
'Dementors?' repeated Mundungus, aghast. 'Dementors, 'ere?' 
'Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here!' shrieked Mrs Figg. 
'Dementors attacking the boy on your watch!' 
'Blimey,' said Mundungus weakly, looking from Mrs Figg to Harry, and back 
again. 'Blimey, I -' 
'And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didn't I tell you not to go? Didn't 
IT 
'I - well, I -' Mundungus looked deeply uncomfortable. 'It - it was a very 
good business opportunity, see -' 
Mrs Figg raised the arm from which her string bag dangled and whacked 
Mundungus around the face and neck with it; judging by the clanking noise 
it made it was full of cat food. 
'Ouch - gerroff - gerroff, you mad old bat! Someone's gotta tell 
Dumbledore!' 
'Yes - they - have!' yelled Mrs Figg, swinging the bag of cat food at every 
bit of Mundungus she could reach. 'And - it - had 
- better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - why - you -weren't - 
there - to - help!' 
'Keep your 'airnet on!' said Mundungus, his arms over his head, cowering. 
'I'm going, I'm going!' 
And with another loud crack, he vanished. 
'I hope Dumbledore murders him!' said Mrs Figg furiously. 'Now come on, 
Harry, what are you waiting for?' 
Harry decided not to waste his remaining breath on pointing out that he 
could barely walk under Dudley's bulk. He gave the semi-conscious Dudley a 
heave and staggered onwards. 
'I'll take you to the door,' said Mrs Figg, as they turned into Privet 
Drive. 'Just in case there are more of them around... oh my word, what a 
catastrophe... and you had to fight them off yourself... and Dumbledore 
said we were to keep you from doing magic at all costs... well, it's no 
good crying over spilt potion, 1 suppose... but the cat's among the pixies 
now.' 
'So,' Harry panted, 'Dumbledore's... been having... me followed?' 
'Of course he has,' said Mrs Figg impatiently. 'Did you expect him to let 
you wander around on your own after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, 
they told me you were intelligent... right... get inside and stay there,' 
she said, as they reached number four. 'I expect someone will be in touch 
with you soon enough.' 
'What are you going to do?' asked Harry quickly. 
'I'm going straight home,' said Mrs Figg, staring around the dark street 
and shuddering. 'I'll need to wait for more instructions. Just stay in the 
house. Goodnight.' 
'Hang on, don't go yet! I want to know -
But Mrs Figg had already set off at a trot, carpet slippers flopping, 
string bag clanking. 
'Wait!' Harry shouted after her. He had a million questions to ask anyone 
who was in contact with Dumbledore; but within seconds Mrs Figg was 
swallowed by the darkness. Scowling, Harry readjusted Dudley on his 
shoulder and made his slow, painful way up number four's garden path. 
The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back inside the waistband of 
his jeans, rang the bell and watched Aunt Petunia's outline grow larger and 
larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass in the front door. 
'Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite - quite - Diddy, what's the 
matter!' 
Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out from under his arm just in 
time. Dudley swayed on the spot for a moment, his face pale green... then 
he opened his mouth and vomited all over the doormat. 
'DIDDY! Diddy, what's the matter with you? Vernon? VERNON!' 
Harry's uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus moustache 
blowing hither and thither as it always did when he was agitated. He 
hurried forwards to help Aunt Petunia negotiate a weak-kneed Dudley over 
the threshold while avoiding stepping in the pool of sick. 
'He's ill, Vernon!' 
'What is it, son? What's happened? Did Mrs Polkiss give you something 
foreign for tea?' 
'Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the 
ground?' 
'Hang on - you haven't been mugged, have you, son?' 
Aunt Petunia screamed. 
'Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to 
Mummy! What did they do to you?' 
In all the kerfuffle nobody seemed to have noticed Harry, which suited him 
perfectly. He managed to slip inside just before Uncle Vernon slammed the 
door and, while the Dursleys made their noisy progress down the hall 
towards the kitchen, Harry moved carefully and quietly towards the stairs. 
'Who did it, son? Give us names. We'll get them, don't worry.' 
'Shh! He's trying to say something, Vernon! What is it, Diddy? Tell Mummy!' 
Harry's foot was on the bottom-most stair when Dudley found his voice. 
'Him.' 
Harry froze, foot on the stair, face screwed up, braced for the explosion. 
'BOY! COME HERE!' 
With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry removed his foot slowly 
from the stair and turned to follow the Dursleys. 
The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal glitter after the 
darkness outside. Aunt Petunia was ushering Dudley into a chair; he was 
still very green and clammy-looking. Uncle Vernon standing in front of the 
draining board, glaring at Harry through tiny, narrowed eyes. 
'What have you done to my son?' he said in a menacing growl. 
'Nothing,' said Harry, knowing perfectly well that Uncle Vernon wouldn't 
believe him. 
'What did he do to you, Diddy?' Aunt Petunia said in a quavering voice, now 
sponging sick from the front of Dudley's leather jacket. 'Was it - was it 
you-know-what, darling? Did he use - his thing?' 
Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded. 
'I didn't!' Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and 
Uncle Vernon raised his fists. 'I didn't do anything to him, it wasn't me, 
it was -
But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in through the kitchen 
window. Narrowly missing the top of Uncle Vernon's head, it soared across 
the kitchen, dropped the large parchment envelope it was carrying in its 
beak at Harry's feet, turned gracefully, the tips of its wings just 
brushing the top of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off across 
the garden. 
'OWLS!' bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in his temple pulsing 
angrily as he slammed the kitchen window shut. 'OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE 
ANY MORE OWLS IN MY HOUSE!' 
But Harry was already ripping open the envelope and pulling out the letter 
inside, his heart pounding somewhere in the region of his Adam's apple. 
Dear Mr Potter, 
We have received intelligence that you performed the Patronus Charm at 
twenty-three minutes past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and 
in the presence of a Muggle. 
The seventy of this breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of 
Underage Sorcery has resulted in your expulsion 
from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives 
will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. 
As you have already received an official warning for a previous offence 
under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of 
Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your presence is required at a 
disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on the twelfth of 
August. 
Hoping you are well, 
Yours sincerely, 
Mafalda Hopkirk 
Improper Use of Magic Office 
Ministry of Magic 
Harry read the letter through twice. He was only vaguely aware of Uncle 
Vernon and Aunt Petunia talking. Inside his head, all was icy and numb. One 
fact had penetrated his consciousness like a paralysing dart. He was 
expelled from Hogwarts. It was all over. He was never going back. 
He looked up at the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon was purple-faced, shouting, his 
fists still raised; Aunt Petunia had her arms around Dudley, who was 
retching again. 
Harry's temporarily stupefied brain seemed to reawaken. Ministry 
representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to 
destroy your wand. There was only one thing for it. He would have to run - 
now. Where he was going to go, Harry didn't know, but he was certain of one 
thing: at Hogwarts or outside it, he needed his wand. In an almost 
dreamlike state, he pulled his wand out and turned to leave the kitchen. 
'Where d'you think you're going?' yelled Uncle Vernon. When Harry didn't 
reply, he pounded across the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. 'I 
haven't finished with you, boy!' 
'Get out of the way,' said Harry quietly. 
'You're going to stay here and explain how my son -' 
'If you don't get out of the way I'm going to jinx you,' said Harry, 
raising the wand. 
'You can't pull that one on me!' snarled Uncle Vernon. 'I know you're not 
allowed to use it outside that madhouse you call a school!' 
The madhouse has chucked me out,' said Harry. 'So I can do whatever I like. 
You've got three seconds. One - two -' 
A resounding CRACK filled the kitchen. Aunt Petunia screamed, 
I hide Vernon yelled and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry 
was searching for the source of a disturbance he had not made. He spotted 
it at once: a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl was sitting outside on the 
kitchen sill, having just collided with the closed window. 
Ignoring Uncle Vernon's anguished yell of 'OWLS!' Harry crossed the room at 
a run and wrenched the window open. The owl stuck out its leg, to which a 
small roll of parchment was tied, shook its leathers, and took off the 
moment Harry had taken the letter. Hands shaking, Harry unfurled the second 
message, which was written very hastily and blotchily in black ink. 
Harry - 
Dumbledore's just arrived at the Ministry and he's trying to sort it all 
out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO 
NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. Arthur Weasley 
Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out... what did that mean? How much 
power did Dumbledore have to override the Ministry of Magic? Was there a 
chance that he might be allowed back to Hogwarts, then? A small shoot of 
hope burgeoned in Harry's chest, almost immediately strangled by panic - 
how was he supposed to refuse to surrender his wand without doing magic? 
He'd have to duel with the Ministry representatives, and if he did that, 
he'd be lucky to escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion. 
His mind was racing... he could run for it and risk being cap-lured by the 
Ministry, or stay put and wait for them to find him here. He was much more 
tempted by the former course, but he knew Mr Weasley had his best interests 
at heart... and after all, Dumbledore had sorted out much worse than this 
before. 
'Right,' Harry said, 'I've changed my mind, I'm staying.' He flung himself 
down at the kitchen table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. The Dursleys 
appeared taken aback at his abrupt change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced 
despairingly at Uncle Vernon. The vein in his purple temple was throbbing 
worse than ever. 
'Who are all these ruddy owls from?' he growled. 
The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, expelling me,' said Harry 
calmly. He was straining his ears to catch any noises outside, in case the 
Ministry representatives were approaching, and it was easier and quieter to 
answer Uncle Vernon's questions than to have him start raging and 
bellowing. 'The second one was from my friend Ron's dad, who works at the 
Ministry.' 
'Ministry of Magic?' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'People like you in government! 
Oh, this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country's going to 
the dogs.' 
When Harry did not respond, Uncle Vernon glared at him, then spat out, 'And 
why have you been expelled?' 
'Because I did magic.' 
'AHA!' roared Uncle Vernon, slamming his fist down on top of the fridge, 
which sprang open; several of Dudley's low-fat snacks toppled out and burst 
on the floor. 'So you admit it! What did you do to Dudley?' 
'Nothing,' said Harry, slightly less calmly. 'That wasn't me -' 
'Was,' muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia 
instantly made flapping gestures at Harry to quieten him while they both 
bent low over Dudley. 
'Go on, son,' said Uncle Vernon, 'what did he do?' 
Tell us, darling,' whispered Aunt Petunia. 
'Pointed his wand at me,' Dudley mumbled. 
'Yeah, I did, but I didn't use -' Harry began angrily, but -
'SHUT UP!' roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in unison. 
'Go on, son,' repeated Uncle Vernon, moustache blowing about furiously. 
'All went dark,' Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering. 'Everything dark. And 
then I h-heard... things. Inside m-my head.' 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of utter horror. If their 
least favourite thing in the world was magic - closely followed by 
neighbours who cheated more than they did on the hosepipe ban - people who 
heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. They obviously thought 
Dudley was losing his mind. 
'What sort of things did you hear, Popkin?' breathed Aunt Petunia, very 
white-faced and with tears in her eyes. 
But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. He shuddered again and shook his 
large blond head, and despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on 
Harry since the arrival of the first owl, he felt a certain curiosity. 
Dementors caused a person to relive the worst moments of their life. What 
would spoiled, pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear? 
'How come you fell over, son?' said Uncle Vernon, in an unnaturally quiet 
voice, the kind of voice he might adopt at the bedside of a very ill 
person. 
'T-tripped,' said Dudley shakily. 'And then -
He gestured at his massive chest. Harry understood. Dudley was remembering 
the clammy cold that filled the lungs as hope and happiness were sucked out 
of you. 
'Horrible,' croaked Dudley. 'Cold. Really cold.' 
'OK,' said Uncle Vernon, in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid 
an anxious hand on Dudley's forehead to feel his temperature. 'What 
happened then, Dudders?' 
'Felt... felt... felt... as if... as if...' 
'As if you'd never be happy again,' Harry supplied dully. 
'Yes,' Dudley whispered, still trembling. 
'So!' said Uncle Vernon, voice restored to full and considerable volume as 
he straightened up. 'You put some crackpot spell on my son so he'd hear 
voices and believe he was - was doomed to misery, or something, did you?' 
'How many times do I have to tell you?' said Harry, temper and voice both 
rising. 'It wasn't me! It was a couple of Dementors!' 
'A couple of - what's this codswallop?' 
'De - men - tors,' said Harry slowly and clearly. 'Two of them.' 
'And what the ruddy hell are Dementors?' 
'They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban,' said Aunt Petunia. 
Two seconds of ringing silence followed these words before Aunt Petunia 
clapped her hand over her mouth as though she had let slip a disgusting 
swear word. Uncle Vernon was goggling at her. Harrys brain reeled. Mrs Figg 
was one thing - but Aunt Petunia'? 
'How d'you know that?' he asked her, astonished. 
Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with herself. She glanced at Uncle 
Vernon in fearful apology, then lowered her hand slightly to reveal her 
horsy teeth. 
'I heard - that awful boy - telling her about them - years ago,' she said 
jerkily. 
'If you mean my mum and dad, why don't you use their names?' said Harry 
loudly, but Aunt Petunia ignored him. She seemed horribly flustered. 
Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years ago, in the course of 
which Aunt Petunia had screamed that Harry's mother had been a freak, he 
had. never heard her mention her sister. He was astounded that she had 
remembered this scrap of information about the magical world for so long, 
when she usually put all her energies into pretending it didn't exist. 
Uncle Vernon opened his mouth, closed it again, opened it once more, shut 
it, then, apparently struggling to remember how to talk, opened it for a 
third time and croaked, 'So - so - they - er - they - er - they actually 
exist, do they - er - Dementy-whatsits?' 
Aunt Petunia nodded. 
Uncle Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hoping 
somebody was going to shout 'April Fool!' When nobody did, he opened his 
mouth yet again, but was spared the struggle to find more words by the 
arrival of the third owl of the evening. It zoomed through the still-open 
window like a feathery cannon-ball and landed with a clatter on the kitchen 
table, causing all three of the Dursleys to jump with fright. Harry tore a 
second official-looking envelope from the owls beak and ripped it open as 
the owl swooped back out into the night. 
'Enough - effing - owls,' muttered Uncle Vernon distractedly, stomping over 
to the window and slamming it shut again. 
Dear Mr Potter, 
Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minutes ago, the 
Ministry of Magic has revised its decision to destroy your wand forthwith. 
You may retain your wand until your disciplinary hearing on the twelfth of 
August, at which time an official decision will be taken. 
Following discussions with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School o/ Witchcraft 
and Wizardry, the Ministry has agreed that the question of your expulsion 
will also be decided at that time. You should therefore consider yourself 
suspended from school pending further enquiries. 
With best wishes, 
Yours sincerely, 
Mafalda Hopkirk 
Improper Use of Magic Office 
Ministry of Magic 
Harry read this letter through three times in quick succession. The 
miserable knot in his chest loosened slightly with the relief of Knowing he 
was not yet definitely expelled, though his fears were by no means 
banished. Everything seemed to hang on this hearing on the twelfth of 
August. 
'Well?' said Uncle Vernon, recalling Harry to his surroundings. 'What now? 
Have they sentenced you to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty?' 
he added as a hopeful afterthought. 
'I've got to go to a hearing,' said Harry. 
'And they'll sentence you there?' 
'I suppose so.' 
'I won't give up hope, then,' said Uncle Vernon nastily. 
'Well, if that's all,' said Harry, getting to his feet. He was des-perate 
to be alone, to think, perhaps to send a letter to Ron, Hermione or Sirius. 

'NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!' bellowed Uncle Vernon. 'SIT BACK DOWN!' 
'What now?' said Harry impatiently. 
'DUDLEY!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'I want to know exactly what happened to my 
son!' 
'FINE!' yelled Harry, and in his temper, red and gold sparks shot out of 
the end of his wand, still clutched in his hand. All three Dursleys 
flinched, looking terrified. 
'Dudley and 1 were in the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria 
Walk,' said Harry, speaking fast, fighting to control his temper. 'Dudley 
thought he'd be smart with me, I pulled out my wand but didn't use it. Then 
two Dementors turned up -' 
'But what ARE Dementoids?' asked Uncle Vernon furiously. 'What do they DO?' 
'I told you - they suck all the happiness out of you,' said Harry, 'and if 
they get the chance, they kiss you -
'Kiss you?' said Uncle Vernon, his eyes popping slightly. 'Kiss you?' 
'It's what they call it when they suck the soul out of your mouth.' 
Aunt Petunia uttered a soft scream. 
'His soul? They didn't take - he's still got his -' 
She seized Dudley by the shoulders and shook him, as though testing to see 
whether she could hear his soul rattling around inside him. 
'Of course they didn't get his soul, you'd know if they had,' said Harry, 
exasperated. 
'Fought 'em off, did you, son?' said Uncle Vernon loudly, with the 
appearance of a man struggling to bring the conversation back on to a plane 
he understood. 'Gave 'em the old one-two, did you?' 
'You can't give a Dementor the old one-two,' said Harry through clenched 
teeth. 
'Why's he all right, then?' blustered Uncle Vernon. 'Why isn't he all 
empty, then?' 
'Because I used the Patronus -' 
WHOOSH. With a clattering, a whirring of wings and a soft fall of dust, a 
fourth owl came shooting out of the kitchen fireplace. 
'FOR GOD'S SAKE!' roared Uncle Vernon, pulling great clumps of hair out of 
his moustache, something he hadn't been driven to do in a long time. 'I 
WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!' 
But Harry was already pulling a roll of parchment from the owl's leg. He 
was so convinced that this letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining 
everything - the Dementors, Mrs Figg, what the Ministry was up to, how he, 
Dumbledore, intended to sort everything out - that for the first time in 
his life he was disappointed to see Sirius's handwriting. Ignoring Uncle 
Vernon's ongoing rant about owls, and narrowing his eyes against a second 
cloud of dust as the most recent owl look off back up the chimney, Harry 
read Sirius's message. 
Arthur has just told us what's happened. Don't leave the house again, 
whatever you do. 
Harry found this such an inadequate response to everything that had 
happened tonight that he turned the piece of parchment over, looking for 
the rest of the letter, but there was nothing else. 
And now his temper was rising again. Wasn't anybody going to say 'well 
done' for fighting off two Dementors single-handed? Both Mr Weasley and 
Sirius were acting as though he'd misbehaved, and were saving their 
tellings-off until they could ascertain how much damage had been done. 
'... a peck, 1 mean, pack of owls shooting in and out of my house. I won't 
have it, boy, 1 won't -' 
'I can't stop the owls coming,' Harry snapped, crushing Sirius's letter in 
his fist. 
I want the truth about what happened tonight!' barked Uncle Yi-rnon. 'If it 
was Demenders who hurt Dudley, how come you've been expelled? You did 
you-know-what, you've admitted it!' 
Harry took a deep, steadying breath. His head was beginning to ache again. 
He wanted more than anything to get out of the kitchen, and away from the 
Dursleys. 
'I did the Patronus Charm to get rid of the Dementors,' he said, forcing 
himself to remain calm. 'It's the only thing that works against them.' 
'But what were Dementoids doing in Little Whinging?' said Uncle Vernon in 
an outraged tone. 
'Couldn't tell you,' said Harry wearily. 'No idea.' 
His head was pounding in the glare of the strip-lighting now. His anger was 
ebbing away. He felt drained, exhausted. The Dursleys were all staring at 
him. 
'It's you,' said Uncle Vernon forcefully. 'It's got something to do with 
you, boy, I know it. Why else would they turn up here? Why else would they 
be down that alleyway? You've got to be the only - the only -' Evidently, 
he couldn't bring himself to say the word 'wizard'. The only you-know-what 
for miles.' 
'I don't know why they were here.' 
But at Uncle Vernon's words, Harry's exhausted brain had ground back into 
action. Why had the Dementors come to Little Whinging? How could it be 
coincidence that they had arrived in the alleyway where Harry was? Had they 
been sent? Had the Ministry of Magic lost control of the Dementors? Had 
they deserted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, as Dumbledore had predicted 
they would? 
These Demembers guard some weirdo prison?' asked Uncle Vernon, lumbering 
along in the wake of Harry's train of thought. 
'Yes,' said Harry. 
If only his head would stop hurting, if only he could just leave the 
kitchen and get to his dark bedroom and think... 
'Oho! They were coming to arrest you!' said Uncle Vernon, with the 
triumphant air of a man reaching an unassailable conclusion. That's it, 
isn't it, boy? You're on the run from the law!' 
'Of course I'm not,' said Harry, shaking his head as though to scare off a 
fly, his mind racing now. 
Then why -?' 
'He must have sent them,' said Harry quietly, more to himself than to Uncle 
Vernon. 
'What's that? Who must have sent them?' 
'Lord Voldemort,' said Harry. 
He registered dimly how strange it was that the Dursleys, who flinched, 
winced and squawked if they heard words like 'wizard', 'magic' or 'wand', 
could hear the name of the most evil wizard of all time without the 
slightest tremor. 
'Lord - hang on,' said Uncle Vernon, his face screwed up, a look of dawning 
comprehension coming into his piggy eyes. 'I've heard that name... that was 
the one who -' 
'Murdered my parents, yes,' Harry said dully. 
'But he's gone,' said Uncle Vernon impatiently, without the slightest sign 
that the murder of Harry's parents might be a painful topic. That giant 
bloke said so. He's gone.' 
'He's back,' said Harry heavily. 
It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt Petunia's surgically clean 
kitchen, beside the top-of-the-range fridge and the wide-screen television, 
talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle Vernon. The arrival of the 
Dementors in Little Whinging seemed to have breached the great, invisible 
wall that divided the relentlessly non-magical world of Privet Drive and 
the world beyond, Harry's two lives had somehow become fused and everything 
had been turned upside-down; the Dursleys were asking for details about the 
magical world, and Mrs Figg knew Albus Dumbledore; Dementors were soaring 
around Little Whinging, and he might never return to Hogwarts. Harry's head 
throbbed more painfully. 
'Back?' whispered Aunt Petunia. 
She was looking at Harry as she had never looked at him before. And all of 
a sudden, for the very first time in his life, Harry fully appreciated that 
Aunt Petunia was his mother's sister. He could not have said why this hit 
him so very powerfully at this moment. All he knew was that he was not the 
only person in the room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort being 
back might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in her life looked at him like that 
before. Her large, pale eyes (so unlike her sister's) were not narrowed in 
dislike or anger, they were wide and fearful. The furious pretence that 
Aunt Petunia had maintained all Harry's life - that there was no magic and 
no world other than the world she inhabited with Uncle Vernon - seemed to 
have fallen away. 
'Yes,' Harry said, talking directly to Aunt Petunia now. 'He came back a 
month ago. I saw him.' 
Her hands found Dudley's massive leather-clad shoulders and clutched them. 
'Hang on,' said Uncle Vernon, looking from his wife to Harry and back 
again, apparently dazed and confused by the unprece-dented understanding 
that seemed to have sprung up between them. 'Hang on. This Lord 
Voldything's back, you say.' 
'Yes.' 
The one who murdered your parents.' 
'Yes.' 
'And now he's sending Dismembers after you?' 
'Looks like it,' said Harry. 
'I see,' said Uncle Vernon, looking from his white-faced wife to Harry and 
hitching up his trousers. He seemed to be swelling, his great purple face 
stretching before Harry's eyes. 'Well, that settles it,' he said, his shirt 
front straining as he inflated himself, 'you can get out of this house, 
boy!' 
'What?' said Harry. 
'You heard me - OUT!' Uncle Vernon bellowed, and even Aunt Petunia and 
Dudley jumped. 'OUT! OUT! I should've done this years ago! Owls treating 
the place like a rest home, puddings exploding, half the lounge destroyed, 
Dudley's tail, Marge bobbing around on the ceiling and that flying Ford 
Anglia - OUT! OUT! You've had it! You're history! You're not staying here 
if some loony's after you, you're not endangering my wife and son, you're 
not bringing trouble down on us. If you're going the same way as your 
useless parents, I've had it! OUT!' 
Harry stood rooted to the spot. The letters from the Ministry, Mr Weasley 
and Sirius were all crushed in his left hand. Don't leave the house again, 
whatever you do. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. 
'You heard me!' said Uncle Vernon, bending forwards now, his massive purple 
face coming so close to Harry's, he actually felt flecks of spit hit his 
face. 'Get going! You were all keen to leave half an hour ago! I'm right 
behind you! Get out and never darken our doorstep again! Why we ever kept 
you in the first place, I don't know, Marge was right, it should have been 
the orphanage. We were too damn soft for our own good, thought we could 
squash it out of you, thought we could turn you normal, but you've been 
rotten from the beginning and I've had enough - owls!' 
The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney so fast it actually hit the floor 
before zooming into the air again with a loud screech. Harry raised his 
hand to seize the letter, which was in a scarlet envelope, but it soared 
straight over his head, flying directly at Aunt Petunia, who let out a 
scream and ducked, her arms over her face. The owl dropped the red envelope 
on her head, turned, and flew straight back up the chimney. 
Harry darted forwards to pick up the letter, but Aunt Petunia beat him to 
it. 
'You can open it if you like,' said Harry, 'but I'll hear what it says 
anyway. That's a Howler.' 
'Let go of it, Petunia!' roared Uncle Vernon. 'Don't touch it, it could be 
dangerous!' 
'It's addressed to me,' said Aunt Petunia in a shaking voice. 'It's 
addressed to me, Vernon, look! Mrs Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number 
Four, Privet Drive - 
She caught her breath, horrified. The red envelope had begun to smoke. 
'Open it!' Harry urged her. 'Get it over with! It'll happen anyway.' 
'No.' 
Aunt Petunia's hand was trembling. She looked wildly around the kitchen as 
though looking for an escape route, but too late -the envelope burst into 
flames. Aunt Petunia screamed and dropped it. 
An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the confined space, issuing 
from the burning letter on the table. 
'Remember my last, Petunia.' 
Aunt Petunia looked as though she might faint. She sank into the chair 
beside Dudley, her face in her hands. The remains of the envelope 
smouldered into ash in the silence. 
'What is this?' Uncle Vernon said hoarsely. 'What - I don't -Petunia?' 
Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring stupidly at his mother, his 
mouth hanging open. The silence spiralled horribly. Harry was watching his 
aunt, utterly bewildered, his head throbbing fit to burst. 
'Petunia, dear?' said Uncle Vernon timidly. 'P-Petunia?' 
She raised her head. She was still trembling. She swallowed. 
'The boy - the boy will have to stay, Vernon,' she said weakly. 
'W-what?' 
'He stays,' she said. She was not looking at Harry. She got to her feet 
again. 
'He... but Petunia...' 
'If we throw him out, the neighbours will talk,' she said. She was rapidly 
regaining her usual brisk, snappish manner, though she was still very pale. 
They'll ask awkward questions, they'll want to know where he's gone. We'll 
have to keep him.' 
Uncle Vernon was deflating like an old tyre. 
'But Petunia, dear -
Aunt Petunia ignored him. She turned to Harry. 'You're to stay in your 
room,' she said. 'You're not to leave the house. Now get to bed.' Harry 
didn't move. 'Who was that Howler from?'
'Don't ask questions,' Aunt Petunia snapped. 'Are you in touch with 
wizards?'
'I told you to get to bed!'
'What did it mean? Remember the last what?'
'Go to bed!'
'How come -?'
'YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GO UP TO BED!' 
- CHAPTER THREE - 
The Advance Guard 
I've just been attacked by Dementors and I might be expelled from Hogwarts. 
I want to know what's going on and when I'm going to get out of here. 
Harry copied these words on to three separate pieces of parchment the 
moment he reached the desk in his dark bedroom. He addressed the first to 
Sirius, the second to Ron and the third to Hermione. His owl, Hedwig, was 
off hunting; her cage stood empty on the desk. Harry paced the bedroom 
waiting for her to come back, his head pounding, his brain too busy for 
sleep even though his eyes stung and itched with tiredness. His back ached 
from hauling Dudley home, and the two lumps on his head where the window 
and Dudley had hit him were throbbing painfully. 
Up and down he paced, consumed with anger and frustration, grinding his 
teeth and clenching his fists, casting angry looks out at the empty, 
star-strewn sky every time he passed the window. Dementors sent to get him, 
Mrs Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tailing him in secret, then suspension from 
Hogwarts and a hearing at the Ministry of Magic - and still no one was 
telling him what was going on. 
And what, what, had that Howler been about? Whose voice had echoed so 
horribly, so menacingly, through the kitchen? 
Why was he still trapped here without information? Why was everyone 
treating him like some naughty kid? Don't do any more magic, stay in the 
house... 
He kicked his school trunk as he passed it, but far from relieving his 
anger he felt worse, as he now had a sharp pain in his toe to deal with in 
addition to the pain in the rest of his body. 
Just as he limped past the window, Hedwig soared through it with a soft 
rustle of wings like a small ghost. 
'About time!' Harry snarled, as she landed lightly on top of her cage. 'You 
can put that down, I've got work for you!' 
Hedwig's large, round, amber eyes gazed at him reproachfully over the dead 
frog clamped in her beak. 
'Come here,' said Harry, picking up the three small rolls of parchment and 
a leather thong and tying the scrolls to her scaly leg. Take these straight 
to Sirius, Ron and Hermione and don't come back here without good long 
replies. Keep pecking them till they've written decent-length answers if 
you've got to. Understand?' 
Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, her beak still full of frog. 
'Get going, then,' said Harry. 
She took off immediately. The moment she'd gone, Harry threw himself down 
on his bed without undressing and stared at the dark ceiling. In addition 
to every other miserable feeling, he now felt guilty that he'd been 
irritable with Hedwig; she was the only friend he had at number four, 
Privet Drive. But he'd make it up to her when she came back with the 
answers from Sirius, Ron and Hermione. 
They were bound to write back quickly; they couldn't possibly ignore a 
Dementor attack. He'd probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letters full 
of sympathy and plans for his immediate removal to The Burrow. And with 
that comforting idea, sleep rolled over him, stifling all further thought. 
But Hedwig didn't return next morning. Harry spent the day in his bedroom, 
leaving it only to go to the bathroom. Three times that day Aunt Petunia 
shoved food into his room through the cat-flap Uncle Vernon had installed 
three summers ago. Every time Harry heard her approaching he tried to 
question her about the Howler, but he might as well have interrogated the 
doorknob for all the answers he got. Otherwise, the Dursleys kept well 
clear of his bedroom. Harry couldn't see the point of forcing his company 
on them; another row would achieve nothing except perhaps make him so angry 
he'd perform more illegal magic. 
So it went on for three whole days. Harry was alternately filled with 
restless energy that made him unable to settle to anything, during which 
time he paced his bedroom, furious at the whole lot of them for leaving him 
to stew in this mess; and with a lethargy so complete that he could lie on 
his bed for an hour at a time, staring dazedly into space, aching with 
dread at the thought of the Ministry hearing. 
What if they ruled against him? What if he was expelled and his wand was 
snapped in half? What would he do, where would he go? He could not return 
to living full-time with the Dursleys, not now he knew the other world, the 
one to which he really belonged. Might he be able to move into Sirius' 
house, as Sirius had suggested a year ago, before he had been forced to 
flee from the Ministry? Would Harry be allowed to live there alone, given 
that he was still underage? Or would the matter of where he went next be 
decided for him? Had his breach of the International Statute of Secrecy 
been severe enough to land him in a cell in Azkaban? Whenever this thought 
occurred, Harry invariably slid off his bed and began pacing again. 
On the fourth night after Hedwig's departure Harry was lying in one of his 
apathetic phases, staring at the ceiling, his exhausted mind quite blank, 
when his uncle entered his bedroom. Harry looked slowly around at him. 
Uncle Vernon was wearing his best suit and an expression of enormous 
smugness. 
'We're going out,' he said. 
'Sorry?' 
'We - that is to say, your aunt, Dudley and I - are going out.' 
'Fine,' said Harry dully, looking back at the ceiling. 
'You are not to leave your bedroom while we are away.' 
'OK.' 
'You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our 
possessions.' 
'Right.' 
'You are not to steal food from the fridge.' 
'OK.' 
'I am going to lock your door.' 
'You do that.' 
Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, clearly suspicious of this lack of argument, 
then stomped out of the room and closed the door behind him. Harry heard 
the key turn in the lock and Uncle Vernon's footsteps walking heavily down 
the stairs. A few minutes later he heard the slamming of car doors, the 
rumble of an engine, and the unmistakable sound of the car sweeping out of 
the drive. 
Harry had no particular feeling about the Dursleys leaving. It made no 
difference to him whether they were in the house or not. He could not even 
summon the energy to get up and turn on his bedroom light. The room grew 
steadily darker around him as he lay listening to the night sounds through 
the window he kept open all the time, waiting for the blessed moment when 
Hedwig returned. The empty house creaked around him. The pipes gurgled. 
Harry lay there in a kind of stupor, thinking of nothing, suspended in 
misery. 
Then, quite distinctly, he heard a crash in the kitchen below. He sat bolt 
upright, listening intently. The Dursleys couldn't be back, it was much too 
soon, and in any case he hadn't heard their car. 
There was silence for a few seconds, then voices. Burglars, he thought, 
sliding off the bed on to his feet - but a split second later it occurred 
to him that burglars would keep their voices down, and whoever was moving 
around in the kitchen was certainly not troubling to do so. 
He snatched up his wand from the bedside table and stood facing his bedroom 
door, listening with all his might. Next moment, he jumped as the lock gave 
a loud click and his door swung open. Harry stood motionless, staring 
through the open doorway at the dark upstairs landing, straining his ears 
for further sounds, but none came. He hesitated for a moment, then moved 
swiftly and silently out of his room to the head of the stairs. 
His heart shot upwards into his throat. There were people standing in the 
shadowy hall below, silhouetted against the streetlight glowing through the 
glass door; eight or nine of them, all, as far as he could see, looking up 
at him. 
'Lower your wand, boy, before you take someone's eye out,' said a low, 
growling voice. 
Harry's heart was thumping uncontrollably. He knew that voice, but he did 
not lower his wand. 
'Professor Moody?' he said uncertainly. 
'I don't know so much about "Professor",' growled the voice, 'never got 
round to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to see you properly.' 

Harry lowered his wand slightly but did not relax his grip on it, nor did 
he move. He had very good reason to be suspicious. He had recently spent 
nine months in what he had thought was Mad-Eye Moody's company only to find 
out that it wasn't Moody at all, but an impostor; an impostor, moreover, 
who had tried to kill Harry before being unmasked. But before he could make 
a decision about what to do next, a second, slightly hoarse voice floated 
upstairs. 
'It's all right, Harry. We've come to take you away.' 
Harry's heart leapt. He knew that voice, too, though he hadn't heard it for 
over a year. 
'P-Professor Lupin?' he said disbelievingly. 'Is that you?' 
'Why are we all standing in the dark?' said a third voice, this one 
completely unfamiliar, a woman's. 'Lumos.' 
A wand-tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical light. Harry blinked. 
The people below were crowded around the foot of the stairs, gazing up at 
him intently, some craning their heads for a better look. 
Remus Lupin stood nearest to him. Though still quite young, Lupin looked 
tired and rather ill; he had more grey hairs than when Harry had last said 
goodbye to him and his robes were more patched and shabbier than ever. 
Nevertheless, he was smiling broadly at Harry, who tried to smile back 
despite his state of shock. 
'Oooh, he looks just like I thought he would,' said the witch who was 
holding her lit wand aloft. She looked the youngest there; she had a pale 
heart-shaped face, dark twinkling eyes, and short spiky hair that was a 
violent shade of violet. 'Wotcher, Harry!' 
'Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus,' said a bald black wizard standing 
furthest back - he had a deep, slow voice and wore a single gold hoop in 
his ear - 'he looks exactly like James.' 
'Except the eyes,' said a wheezy-voiced, silver-haired wizard at the back. 
'Lily's eyes.' 
Mad-Eye Moody, who had long grizzled grey hair and a large chunk missing 
from his nose, was squinting suspiciously at Harry through his mismatched 
eyes. One eye was small, dark and beady, the other large, round and 
electric blue - the magical eye that could see through walls, doors and the 
back of Moody's own head. 'Are you quite sure it's him, Lupin?' he growled. 
'It'd be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonating 
him. We ought to ask him something only the real Potter would know. Unless 
anyone brought any Veritaserum?' 
'Harry, what form does your Patronus take?' Lupin asked. 'A stag,' said 
Harry nervously. That's him, Mad-Eye,' said Lupin. 
Very conscious of everybody still staring at him, Harry descended the 
stairs, stowing his wand in the back pocket of his jeans as he came. 
'Don't put your wand there, boy!' roared Moody. 'What if it ignited? Better 
wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!' 
'Who d'you know who's lost a buttock?' the violet-haired woman asked 
Mad-Eye interestedly. 
'Never you mind, you just keep your wand out of your back pocket!' growled 
Mad-Eye. 'Elementary wand-safety, nobody bothers about it any more.' He 
stumped off towards the kitchen. 'And I saw that,' he added irritably, as 
the woman rolled her eyes towards the ceiling. 
Lupin held out his hand and shook Harry's. 'How are you?' he asked, looking 
closely at Harry. T-fine...' 
Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the 
tiniest hint of a plan to remove him from Privet Drive, and suddenly a 
whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of-factly in the house as though 
this was a long-standing arrangement. He glanced at the people surrounding 
Lupin; they were still gazing avidly at him. He felt very conscious of the 
fact that he had not combed his hair for four days. 
'I'm - you're really lucky the Dursleys are out...' he mumbled. 
'Lucky, ha!' said the violet-haired woman. 'It was me who lured them out of 
the way. Sent a letter by Muggle post telling them they'd been short-listed 
for the All-England Best Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. They're heading 
off to the prize-giving right now... or they think they are.' 
Harry had a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernon's face when he realised there 
was no All-England Best Kept Suburban Lawn Competition. 
'We are leaving, aren't we?' he asked. 'Soon?' 
Almost at once,' said Lupin, 'we're just waiting for the all-clear.' 
'Where are we going? The Burrow?' Harry asked hopefully. 
'Not The Burrow, no,' said Lupin, motioning Harry towards the kitchen; the 
little knot of wizards followed, all still eyeing Harry curiously. Too 
risky. We've set up Headquarters somewhere un-detectable. It's taken a 
while...' 
Mad-Eye Moody was now sitting at the kitchen table swigging from a hip 
flask, his magical eye spinning in all directions, taking in the Dursleys' 
many labour-saving appliances. 
'This is Alastor Moody, Harry' Lupin continued, pointing towards Moody. 
'Yeah, I know,' said Harry uncomfortably. It felt odd to be intro-duced to 
somebody he'd thought he'd known for a year. 
'And this is Nymphadora -'
'Don't call me Nymphadora, Remus,' said the young witch with a shudder, 
'it's Tonks.' 
'Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by her surname only,' finished 
Lupin. 
'So would you if your fool of a mother had called you Nymphadora,' muttered 
Tonks. 
'And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt.' He indicated the tall black wizard, who 
bowed. 'Elphias Doge.' The wheezy-voiced wizard nodded. 'Dedalus Diggle -' 
'We've met before,' squeaked the excitable Diggle, dropping his 
violet-coloured top hat. 
'Emmeline Vance.' A stately-looking witch in an emerald green shawl 
inclined her head. 'Sturgis Podmore.' A square-jawed wizard with thick 
straw-coloured hair winked. 'And Hestia Jones.' A pink-cheeked, 
black-haired witch waved from next to the toaster. 
Harry inclined his head awkwardly at each of them as they were introduced. 
He wished they would look at something other than him; it was as though he 
had suddenly been ushered on-stage. He also wondered why so many of them 
were there. 
'A surprising number of people volunteered to come and get you,' said 
Lupin, as though he had read Harry's mind; the corners of his mouth 
twitched slightly. 
'Yeah, well, the more the better,' said Moody darkly. 'We're your guard, 
Potter.' 
'We're just waiting for the signal to tell us it's safe to set off,' said 
Lupin, glancing out of the kitchen window. 'We've got about fifteen 
minutes.' 
'Very clean, aren't they, these Muggles?' said the witch called Tonks, who 
was looking around the kitchen with great interest. 'My dad's Muggle-born 
and he's a right old slob. I suppose it varies, just as it does with 
wizards?' 
'Er - yeah,' said Harry. 'Look -' he turned back to Lupin, 'what's going 
on, I haven't heard anything from anyone, what's Vol-?' 
Several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing noises; Dedalus Diggle 
dropped his hat again and Moody growled, 'Shut up!' 
What?' said Harry. 
'We're not discussing anything here, it's too risky,' said Moody, turning 
his normal eye on Harry. His magical eye remained focused on the ceiling. 
'Damn it,' he added angrily, putting a hand up to the magical eye, 'it 
keeps getting stuck - ever since that scum wore it.' 
And with a nasty squelching sound much like a plunger being pulled from a 
sink, he popped out his eye. 
'Mad-Eye, you do know that's disgusting, don't you?' said Tonks 
conversationally. 
'Get me a glass of water, would you, Harry,' requested Moody. 
Harry crossed to the dishwasher, took out a clean glass and filled it with 
water at the sink, still watched eagerly by the band of wizards. Their 
relentless staring was starting to annoy him. 
'Cheers,' said Moody, when Harry handed him the glass. He dropped the 
magical eyeball into the water and prodded it up and down; the eye whizzed 
around, staring at them all in turn. 'I want three hundred and sixty 
degrees visibility on the return journey.' 
'How're we getting - wherever we're going?' Harry asked. 
'Brooms,' said Lupin. 'Only way. You're too young to Apparate, they'll be 
watching the Floo Network and it's more than our life's worth to set up an 
unauthorised Portkey.' 
'Remus says you're a good flier,' said Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep 
voice. 
'He's excellent,' said Lupin, who was checking his watch. 'Anyway, you'd 
better go and get packed, Harry, we want to be ready to go when the signal 
comes.' 
'I'll come and help you,' said Tonks brightly. 
She followed Harry back into the hall and up the stairs, looking around 
with much curiosity and interest. 
'Funny place,' she said. 'It's a bit too clean, d'you know what 1 mean? Bit 
unnatural. Oh, this is better,' she added, as they entered Harry's bedroom 
and he turned on the light. 
His room was certainly much messier than the rest of the house. Confined to 
it for four days in a very bad mood, Harry had not bothered tidying up 
after himself. Most of the books he owned were strewn over the floor where 
he'd tried to distract himself with each in turn and thrown it aside; 
Hedwig's cage needed cleaning out and was starting to smell; and his trunk 
lay open, revealing a jumbled mixture of Muggle clothes and wizards' robes 
that had spilled on to the floor around it. 
Harry started picking up books and throwing them hastily into his trunk. 
Tonks paused at his open wardrobe to look critically at her reflection in 
the mirror on the inside of the door. 
'You know, I don't think violet's really my colour,' she said pen-sivey, 
tugging at a lock of spiky hair. 'D'you think it makes me look a bit 
peaky?' 
'Er -' said Harry, looking up at her over the top of Quidditch Teams of 
Britain and Ireland. 
'Yeah, it does,' said Tonks decisively. She screwed up her eyes in a 
strained expression as though she was struggling to remember something. A 
second later, her hair had turned bubble-gum pink. 
'How did you do that?' said Harry, gaping at her as she opened her eyes 
again. 
'I'm a Metamorphmagus,' she said, looking back at her reflec-tion and 
turning her head so that she could see her hair from all directions. 'It 
means I can change my appearance at will,' she added, spotting Harrys 
puzzled expression in the mirror behind her. 'I was born one. I got top 
marks in Concealment and Disguise during Auror training without any study 
at all, it was great.' 
'You're an Auror?' said Harry, impressed. Being a Dark-wizard-catcher was 
the only career he'd ever considered after Hogwarts. 
'Yeah,' said Tonks, looking proud. 'Kingsley is as well, he's a bit higher 
up than me, though. I only qualified a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth 
and Tracking. I'm dead clumsy, did you hear me break that plate when we 
arrived downstairs?' 
'Can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagus?' Harry asked her, straightening 
up, completely forgetting about packing. 
Tonks chuckled. 
'Bet you wouldn't mind hiding that scar sometimes, eh?' 
Her eyes found the lightning-shaped scar on Harrys forehead. 
'No, I wouldn't mind,' Harry mumbled, turning away. He did not like people 
staring at his scar. 
'Well, you'll have to learn the hard way, I'm afraid,' said Tonks. 
'Metamorphmagi are really rare, they're born, not made. Most wizards need 
to use a wand, or potions, to change their appearance. But we've got to get 
going, Harry, we're supposed to be packing,' she added guiltily, looking 
around at all the mess on the floor. 
'Oh - yeah,' said Harry, grabbing a few more books. 
'Don't be stupid, it'll be much quicker if I - pack!' cried Tonks, waving 
her wand in a long, sweeping movement over the floor. 
Books, clothes, telescope and scales all soared into the air and flew 
pell-mell into the trunk. 
'It's not very neat,' said Tonks, walking over to the trunk and looking 
down at the jumble inside. 'My mums got this knack of getting stuff to fit 
itself in neatly - she even gets the socks to fold themselves - but I've 
never mastered how she does it - it's a kind of flick -' She flicked her 
wand hopefully. 
One of Harry's socks gave a feeble sort of wiggle and flopped back on top 
of the mess in the trunk. 
'Ah, well,' said Tonks, slamming the trunk's lid shut, 'at least it's all 
in. That could do with a bit of cleaning, too.' She pointed her wand at 
Hedwig's cage. 'Scourgify.' A few feathers and droppings vanished. 'Well, 
that's a bit better - I've never quite got the hang of these householdy 
sort of spells. Right - got everything? Cauldron? Broom? Wow! - A Firebolt 
Her eyes widened as they fell on the broomstick in Harry's right hand It 
was his pride and joy, a gift from Sirius, an international-standard 
broomstick. 
'And I'm still riding a Comet Two Sixty' said Tonks enviously. 'Ah well... 
wand still in your jeans? Both buttocks still on? OK, let's go. Locomotor 
trunk.' 
Harry's trunk rose a few inches into the air. Holding her wand like a 
conductor's baton, Tonks made the trunk hover across the room and out of 
the door ahead of them, Hedwig's cage in her left hand. Harry followed her 
down the stairs carrying his broomstick. 
Back in the kitchen Moody had replaced his eye, which was spinning so fast 
after its cleaning it made Harry feel sick to look at it. Kingsley 
Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore were examining the microwave and Hestia 
Jones was laughing at a potato peeler she had come across while rummaging 
in the drawers. Lupin was sealing a letter addressed to the Dursleys. 
'Excellent,' said Lupin, looking up as Tonks and Harry entered. We've got 
about a minute, I think. We should probably get out into the garden so 
we're ready. Harry, I've left a letter telling your aunt and uncle not to 
worry -
They won't,' said Harry. 
- that you're safe -'That'll just depress them.' 
- and you'll see them next summer.'
'Do I have to?' 
Lupin smiled but made no answer. 
'Come here, boy,' said Moody gruffly, beckoning Harry towards him with his 
wand. 'I need to Disillusion you.' 
'You need to what?' said Harry nervously. 
'Disillusionment Charm,' said Moody, raising his wand. 'Lupin says you've 
got an Invisibility Cloak, but it won't stay on while we're flying; this'll 
disguise you better. Here you go -
He rapped him hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a curious 
sensation as though Moody had just smashed an egg there; cold trickles 
seemed to be running down his body from the point the wand had struck. 
'Nice one, Mad-Eye,' said Tonks appreciatively, staring at Harry's midriff. 
Harry looked down at his body, or rather, what had been his body, for it 
didn't look anything like his any more. It was not invisible; it had simply 
taken on the exact colour and texture of the kitchen unit behind him. He 
seemed to have become a human chameleon. 
'Come on,' said Moody, unlocking the back door with his wand. 
They all stepped outside on to Uncle Vernon's beautifully kept lawn. 
'Clear night,' grunted Moody, his magical eye scanning the heavens. 
'Could've done with a bit more cloud cover. Right, you,' he barked at 
Harry, 'we're going to be flying in close formation. Tonks'll be right in 
front of you, keep close on her tail. Lupin'll be covering you from below 
I'm going to be behind you. The rest'll be circling us. We don't break 
ranks for anything, got me? If one of us is killed -
'Is that likely?' Harry asked apprehensively, but Moody ignored him. 
'The others keep flying, don't stop, don't break ranks. If they take out 
all of us and you survive, Harry, the rear guard are standing by to take 
over; keep flying east and they'll join you.' 
'Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, he'll think we're not taking this 
seriously' said Tonks, as she strapped Harry's trunk and Hedwig's cage into 
a harness hanging from her broom. 
'I'm just telling the boy the plan,' growled Moody. 'Our jobs to deliver 
him safely to Headquarters and if we die in the attempt -
'No one's going to die,' said Kingsley Shacklebolt in his deep, calming 
voice. 
'Mount your brooms, that's the first signal!' said Lupin sharply pointing 
into the sky. 
Far, far above them, a shower of bright red sparks had flared among the 
stars, Harry recognised them at once as wand sparks. He swung his right leg 
over his Firebolt, gripped its handle tightly and felt it vibrating very 
slightly, as though it was as keen as he was to be up in the air once more. 

'Second signal, let's go!' said Lupin loudly as more sparks, green this 
time, exploded high above them. 
Harry kicked off hard from the ground. The cool night air rushed through 
his hair as the neat square gardens of Privet Drive fell away, shrinking 
rapidly into a patchwork of dark greens and blacks, and every thought of 
the Ministry hearing was swept from his mind as though the rush of air had 
blown it out of his head. He felt as though his heart was going to explode 
with pleasure; he was flying again, flying away from Privet Drive as he'd 
been fantasising about all summer, he was going home... for a few glorious 
moments, all his problems seemed to recede to nothing, insignificant in the 
vast, starry sky. 
'Hard left, hard left, there's a Muggle looking up!' shouted Moody from 
behind him. Tonks swerved and Harry followed her, watching his trunk 
swinging wildly beneath her broom. 'We need more height... give it another 
quarter of a mile!' 
Harry's eyes watered in the chill as they soared upwards; he could see 
nothing below now but tiny pinpricks of light that were car headlights and 
streetlamps. Two of those tiny lights might belong to Uncle Vernon's car... 
the Dursleys would be heading back to their empty house right now, full of 
rage about the non-existent Lawn Competition... and Harry laughed aloud at 
the thought, though his voice was drowned by the flapping robes of the 
others, the creaking of the harness holding his trunk and the cage, and the 
whoosh of the wind in their ears as they sped through the air. He had not 
felt this alive in a month, or this happy. 
'Bearing south!' shouted Mad-Eye. Town ahead!' 
They soared right to avoid passing directly over the glittering spider's 
web of lights below. 
'Bear southeast and keep climbing, there's some low cloud ahead we can lose 
ourselves in!' called Moody. 
'We're not going through clouds!' shouted Tonks angrily, 'we'll get soaked, 
Mad-Eye!' 
Harry was relieved to hear her say this; his hands were growing numb on the 
Firebolt's handle. He wished he had thought to put on a coat; he was 
starting to shiver. 
They altered their course every now and then according to Mad-Eyes 
instructions. Harrys eyes were screwed up against the rush of icy wind that 
was starting to make his ears ache; he could remember being this cold on a 
broom only once before, during the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff in 
his third year, which had taken place in a storm. The guard around him was 
circling continuously like giant birds of prey. Harry lost track of time. 
He wondered how long they had been flying, it felt like an hour at least. 
Turning southwest!' yelled Moody 'We want to avoid the motorway!' 
Harry was now so chilled he thought longingly of the snug, dry interiors of 
the cars streaming along below, then, even more longingly, of travelling by 
Floo powder; it might be uncomfortable to spin around in fireplaces but it 
was at least warm in the flames... Kingsley Shacklebolt swooped around him, 
bald pate and earring gleaming slightly in the moonlight... now Emmeline 
Vance was on his right, her wand out, her head turning left and right... 
then she, too, swooped over him, to be replaced by Sturgis Podmore... 
'We ought to double back for a bit, just to make sure we're not being 
followed!' Moody shouted. 
'ARE YOU MAD, MAD-EYE?' Tonks screamed from the front. We're all frozen to 
our brooms! If we keep going off-course we're not going to get there until 
next week! Besides, we're nearly there now!' 
Time to start the descent!' came Lupin's voice. 'Follow Tonks, Harry!' 
Harry followed Tonks into a dive. They were heading for the largest 
collection of lights he had yet seen, a huge, sprawling crisscrossing mass, 
glittering in lines and grids, interspersed with patches of deepest black. 
Lower and lower they flew, until Harry could see individual headlights and 
streetlamps, chimneys and television aerials. He wanted to reach the ground 
very much, though he felt sure someone would have to unfreeze him from his 
broom. 
'Here we go!' called Tonks, and a few seconds later she had landed. 
Harry touched down right behind her and dismounted on a patch of unkempt 
grass in the middle of a small square. Tonks was already unbuckling Harry's 
trunk. Shivering, Harry looked around. The grimy fronts of the surrounding 
houses were not welcoming; some of them had broken windows, glimmering 
dully in the light fro the streetlamps, paint was peeling from many of the 
doors and heaps of rubbish lay outside several sets of front steps. 
'Where are we?' Harry asked, but Lupin said quietly, 'In a minute.' 
Moody was rummaging in his cloak, his gnarled hands clumsy with cold. 
'Got it,' he muttered, raising what looked like a silver cigarette lighter 
into the air and clicking it. 
The nearest streetlamp went out with a pop. He clicked the unlighter again; 
the next lamp went out; he kept clicking until every lamp in the square was 
extinguished and the only remaining light came from curtained windows and 
the sickle moon overhead. 
'Borrowed it from Dumbledore,' growled Moody, pocketing the Put-Outer. 
That'll take care of any Muggles looking out of the window, see? Now come 
on, quick.' 
He took Harry by the arm and led him from the patch of grass, across the 
road and on to the pavement; Lupin and Tonks followed, carrying Harry's 
trunk between them, the rest of the guard, all with their wands out, 
flanking them. 
The muffled pounding of a stereo was coming from an upper window in the 
nearest house. A pungent smell of rotting rubbish came from the pile of 
bulging bin-bags just inside the broken gate. 
'Here,' Moody muttered, thrusting a piece of parchment towards Harry's 
Disillusioned hand and holding his lit wand close to it, so as to 
illuminate the writing. 'Read quickly and memorise.' 
Harry looked down at the piece of paper. The narrow handwriting was vaguely 
familiar. It said: 
The Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place, London. 
- CHAPTER FOUR -
Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place
'What's the Order of the -?' Harry began.
'Not here, boy!' snarled Moody. 'Wait till we're inside!'
He pulled the piece of parchment out of Harry's hand and set fire to it 
with his wand-tip. As the message curled into flames and floated to the 
ground, Harry looked around at the houses again. They were standing outside 
number eleven; he looked to the left and saw number ten; to the right, 
however, was number thirteen.
'But where's -?'
Think about what you've just memorised,' said Lupin quietly.
Harry thought, and no sooner had he reached the part about number twelve, 
Grimmauld Place, than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between 
numbers eleven and thirteen, followed swiftly by dirty walls and grimy 
windows. It was as though an extra house had inflated, pushing those on 
either side out of its way. Harry gaped at it. The stereo in number eleven 
thudded on. Apparently the Muggles inside hadn't felt anything.
'Come on, hurry,' growled Moody, prodding Harry in the back.
Harry walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the newly materialised 
door. Its black paint was shabby and scratched. The silver doorknocker was 
in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no keyhole or letterbox.
Lupin pulled out his wand and tapped the door once. Harry heard many loud, 
metallic clicks and what sounded like the clatter of a chain. The door 
creaked open.
'Get in quick, Harry,' Lupin whispered, 'but don't go far inside and don't 
touch anything.'
Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the 
hall. He could smell damp, dust and a sweetish, rotting smell; the place 
had the feeling of a derelict building. He looked over his shoulder and saw 
the others filing in behind him, Lupin and Tonks carrying his trunk and 
Hedwig's cage. Moody was standing on the top step releasing the balls of 
light the Put-Outer had stolen from the streetlamps; they flew back to 
their bulbs and the square glowed momentarily with orange light before 
Moody limped inside and closed the front door, so that the darkness in the 
hall became complete.
'Here -'
He rapped Harry hard over the head with his wand; Harry felt as though 
something hot was trickling down his back this time and knew that the 
Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.
'Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light in here,' Moody 
whispered.
The others' hushed voices were giving Harry an odd feeling of foreboding; 
it was as though they had just entered the house of a dying person. He 
heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into 
life all along the walls, casting a flickering insubstantial light over the 
peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a 
cobwebby chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portraits hung 
crooked on the walls. Harry heard something scuttling behind the skirting 
board. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a rickety table nearby 
were shaped like serpents.
There were hurried footsteps and Ron's mother, Mrs Weasley, emerged from a 
door at the far end of the hall. She was beaming in welcome as she hurried 
towards them, though Harry noticed that she was rather thinner and paler 
than she had been last time he had seen her.
'Oh, Harry, it's lovely to see you!' she whispered, pulling him into a 
rib-cracking hug before holding him at arm's length and examining him 
critically. 'You're looking peaky; you need feeding up, but you'll have to 
wait a bit for dinner, I'm afraid.'
She turned to the gang of wizards behind him and whispered urgently, 'He's 
just arrived, the meeting's started.'
The wizards behind Harry all made noises of interest and excitement and 
began filing past him towards the door through which Mrs Weasley had just 
come. Harry made to follow Lupin, but Mrs Weasley held him back.
'No, Harry, the meetings only for members of the Order. Ron and Hermione 
are upstairs, you can wait with them until the meetings over, then we'll 
have dinner. And keep your voice down in the hall,' she added in an urgent 
whisper.
'Why?'
'I don't want anything to wake up.'
'What d'you -?'
'I'll explain later, I've got to hurry, I'm supposed to be at the meeting - 
I'll just show you where you're sleeping.'
Pressing her finger to her lips, she led him on tiptoe past a pair of long, 
moth-eaten curtains, behind which Harry supposed there must be another 
door, and after skirting a large umbrella stand that looked as though it 
had been made from a severed troll's leg they started up the dark 
staircase, passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. 
A closer look showed Harry that the heads belonged to house-elves. All of 
them had the same rather snout-like nose.
Harry's bewilderment deepened with every step he took. What on earth were 
they doing in a house that looked as though it belonged to the darkest of 
wizards?
'Mrs Weasley, why -?'
'Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, I've really got to dash,' 
Mrs Weasley whispered distractedly. There -' they had reached the second 
landing, '- you're the door on the right. I'll call you when it's over.'
And she hurried off downstairs again.
Harry crossed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom doorknob, which was 
shaped like a serpents head, and opened the door.
He caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged, twin-bedded room; 
then there was a loud twittering noise, followed by an even louder shriek, 
and his vision was completely obscured by a large quantity of very bushy 
hair. Hermione had thrown herself on to him in a hug that nearly knocked 
him flat, while Ron's tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round and 
round their heads.
'HARRY! Ron, he's here, Harrys here! We didn't hear you arrive! Oh, how are 
you? Are you all right? Have you been furious with us? I bet you have, I 
know our letters were useless - but we couldn't tell you anything, 
Dumbledore made us swear we wouldn't, oh, we've got so much to tell you, 
and you've got things to tell us - the Dementors! When we heard - and that 
Ministry hearing - it's just outrageous, I've looked it all up, they can't 
expel you, they just can't, there's provision in the Decree for the 
Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in 
life-threatening situations -'
'Let him breathe, Hermione,' said Ron, grinning as he closed the door 
behind Harry. He seemed to have grown several more inches during their 
month apart, making him taller and more gangly looking than ever, though 
the long nose, bright red hair and freckles were the same.
Still beaming, Hermione let go of Harry, but before she could say another 
word there was a soft whooshing sound and something white soared from the 
top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently on Harrys shoulder.
'Hedwig!'
The snowy owl clicked her beak and nibbled his ear affectionately as Harry 
stroked her feathers.
'She's been in a right state,' said Ron. 'Pecked us half to death when she 
brought your last letters, look at this -'
He showed Harry the index finger of his right hand, which sported a 
half-healed but clearly deep cut.
'Oh, yeah,' Harry said. 'Sorry about that, but I wanted answers, you know 
-'
'We wanted to give them to you, mate,' said Ron. 'Hermione was going spare, 
she kept saying you'd do something stupid if you were stuck all on your own 
without news, but Dumbledore made us -'
'- swear not to tell me,' said Harry. 'Yeah, Hermione's already said. '
The warm glow that had flared inside him at the sight of his two best 
friends was extinguished as something icy flooded the pit of his stomach. 
All of a sudden - after yearning to see them for a solid month - he felt he 
would rather Ron and Hermione left him alone.
There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked Hedwig automatically, 
not looking at either of the others.
'He seemed to think it was best,' said Hermione rather breathlessly. 
'Dumbledore, I mean.'
'Right,' said Harry. He noticed that her hands, too, bore the marks of 
Hedwigs beak and found that he was not at all sorry.
'I think he thought you were safest with the Muggles -' Ron began.
'Yeah?' said Harry, raising his eyebrows. 'Have either of you been attacked 
by Dementors this summer?'
'Well, no - but that's why he's had people from the Order of the Phoenix 
tailing you all the time -'
Harry felt a great jolt in his guts as though he had just missed a step 
going downstairs. So everyone had known he was being followed, except him.
'Didn't work that well, though, did it?' said Harry, doing his utmost to 
keep his voice even. 'Had to look after myself after all, didn't I?'
'He was so angry,' said Hermione, in an almost awestruck voice. 
'Dumbledore. We saw him. When he found out Mundungus had left before his 
shift had ended. He was scary.'
'Well, I'm glad he left,' Harry said coldly. 'If he hadn't, I wouldn't have 
done magic and Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all 
summer.'
'Aren't you... aren't you worried about the Ministry of Magic hearing?' 
said Hermione quietly.
'No,' Harry lied defiantly. He walked away from them, looking around, with 
Hedwig nestled contentedly on his shoulder, but this room was not likely to 
raise his spirits. It was dank and dark. A blank stretch of canvas in an 
ornate picture frame was all that relieved the bareness of the peeling 
walls, and as Harry passed it he thought he heard someone, who was lurking 
out of sight, snigger.
'So why's Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the dark?'
Harry asked, still trying hard to keep his voice casual. 'Did you - er - 
bother to ask him at all?'
He glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a look that told him he 
was behaving just as they had feared he would. It did nothing to improve 
his temper.
'We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was going on,' said Ron. 'We 
did, mate. But he's really busy now, we've only seen him twice since we 
came here and he didn't have much time, he just made us swear not to tell 
you important stuff when we wrote, he said the owls might be intercepted.'
'He could still've kept me informed if he'd wanted to,' Harry said shortly. 
'You're not telling me he doesn't know ways to send messages without owls.'
Hermione glanced at Ron and then said, 'I thought that, too. But he didn't 
want you to know anything.'
'Maybe he thinks 1 can't be trusted,' said Harry, watching their 
expressions.
'Don't be thick,' said Ron, looking highly disconcerted.
'Or that I can't take care of myself.'
'Of course he doesn't think that!' said Hermione anxiously.
'So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys' while you two get to join in 
everything that's going on here?' said Harry, the words tumbling over one 
another in a rush, his voice growing louder with every word. 'How come you 
two are allowed to know everything that's going on?'
'We're not!' Ron interrupted. 'Mum won't let us near the meetings, she says 
we're too young -'
But before he knew it, Harry was shouting.
'SO YOU HAVEN'T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOU'VE STILL BEEN HERE, 
HAVEN'T YOU? YOU'VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, I'VE BEEN STUCK AT THE 
DURSLEYS' FOR A MONTH! AND I'VE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWO'VE EVER MANAGED 
AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT -WHO SAVED THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE? WHO GOT RID OF 
RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?'
Every bitter and resentful thought Harry had had in the past month was 
pouring out of him: his frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they 
had all been together without him, his fury at being followed and not told 
about it - all the feelings he was half-ashamed of finally burst their 
boundaries. Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off to the top of 
the wardrobe again; Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even taster 
around their heads.
'WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST 
YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM? ME!'
Ron was standing there with his mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a 
loss for anything to say, whilst Hermione looked on the verge of tears.
'BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME 
WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING?'
'Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did -' Hermione began.
'CANT'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT 
DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR -
Well, he did -'
'FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO 
TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON -'
We wanted to -'
'I SUPPOSE YOU'VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN'T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE 
TOGETHER -'
'No, honest -'
'Harry we're really sorry!' said Hermione desperately, her eyes now 
sparkling with tears. 'You're absolutely right, Harry - I'd be furious if 
it was me!'
Harry glared at her, still breathing deeply, then turned away from them 
again, pacing up and down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the 
wardrobe. There was a long pause, broken only by the mournful creak of the 
floorboards below Harry's feet.
'What is this place, anyway?' he shot at Ron and Hermione.
'Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix,' said Ron at once.
'Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix -?'
'It's a secret society,' said Hermione quickly. 'Dumbledore's in charge, he 
founded it. It's the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time.'
'Who's in it?' said Harry, coming to a halt with his hands in his pockets.
'Quite a few people -'
'We've met about twenty of them,' said Ron, 'but we think there are more.'
Harry glared at them.
'Well?' he demanded, looking from one to the other.
'Er,' said Ron. 'Well what?'
'Voldemort!' said Harry furiously, and both Ron and Hermione winced. 
'What's happening? What's he up to? Where is he? What are we doing to stop 
him?'
'We've told you, the Order don't let us in on their meetings,' said 
Hermione nervously. 'So we don't know the details - but we've got a general 
idea,' she added hastily, seeing the look on Harry's face.
'Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see,' said Ron. They're 
really useful.'
'Extendable -?'
'Ears, yeah. Only we've had to stop using them lately because Mum found out 
and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning 
them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realised what was 
going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters, 
keeping tabs on them, you know -'
'Some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order -' said 
Hermione.
'And some of them are standing guard over something,' said Ron. They're 
always talking about guard duty.'
'Couldn't have been me, could it?' said Harry sarcastically.
'Oh, yeah,' said Ron, with a look of dawning comprehension.
Harry snorted. He walked around the room again, looking anywhere but at Ron 
and Hermione. 'So, what have you two been doing, if you're not allowed in 
meetings?' he demanded. 'You said you'd been busy.'
'We have,' said Hermione quickly. 'We've been decontaminating this house, 
it's been empty for ages and stuff's been breeding in here. We've managed 
to clean out the kitchen, most of the bedrooms and I think we're doing the 
drawing room tomo-'
With two loud cracks, Fred and George, Ron's elder twin brothers, had 
materialised out of thin air in the middle of the room. Pigwidgeon 
twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join Hedwig on top of the 
wardrobe.
'Stop doing that!' Hermione said weakly to the twins, who were as vividly 
red-haired as Ron, though stockier and slightly shorter.
'Hello, Harry,' said George, beaming at him. 'We thought we heard your 
dulcet tones.'
'You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out,' 
said Fred, also beaming. There might be a couple of people fifty miles away 
who didn't hear you.'
'You two passed your Apparation tests, then?' asked Harry grumpily.
'With distinction,' said Fred, who was holding what looked like a piece of 
very long, flesh-coloured string.
'It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the 
stairs,' said Ron.
Time is Galleons, little brother,' said Fred. 'Anyway, Harry, you're 
interfering with reception. Extendable Ears,' he added in response to 
Harry's raised eyebrows, and held up the string which Harry now saw was 
trailing out on to the landing. We're trying to hear what's going on 
downstairs.'
'You want to be careful,' said Ron, staring at the Ear, 'if Mum sees one of 
them again..."
'It's worth the risk, that's a major meeting they're having,' said Fred.
The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared.
'Oh, hello, Harry!' said Ron's younger sister, Ginny, brightly. 'I thought 
I heard your voice.'
Turning to Fred and George, she said, 'It's no-go with the Extendable Ears, 
she's gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.'
'How d'you know?' said George, looking crestfallen.
Tonks told me how to find out,' said Ginny. 'You just chuck stuff at the 
door and if it can't make contact the door's been Imperturbed. I've been 
flicking Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away 
from it, so there's no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under 
the gap.'
Fred heaved a deep sigh.
'Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snape's been up to.'
'Snape!' said Harry quickly. 'Is he here?'
'Yeah,' said George, carefully closing the door and sitting down on one of 
the beds; Fred and Ginny followed. 'Giving a report. Top secret.'
'Git,' said Fred idly.
'He's on our side now,' said Hermione reprovingly.
Ron snorted. 'Doesn't stop him being a git. The way he looks at us when he 
sees us.'
'Bill doesn't like him, either,' said Ginny, as though that settled the 
matter.
Harry was not sure his anger had abated yet; but his thirst for information 
was now overcoming his urge to keep shouting. He sank on to the bed 
opposite the others.
'Is Bill here?' he asked. 'I thought he was working in Egypt?'
'He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order,' 
said Fred. 'He says he misses the tombs, but; he smirked, 'there are 
compensations.'
'What d'you mean?'
'Remember old Fleur Delacour?' said George. 'She's got a job at Gringotts 
to eempwve 'er Eeenglish -'
'And Bill's been giving her a lot of private lessons,' sniggered Fred.
'Charlie's in the Order, too,' said George, 'but he's still in Romania. 
Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so 
Charlie's trying to make contacts on his days off.'
'Couldn't Percy do that?' Harry asked. The last he had heard, the third 
Weasley brother was working in the Department of International Magical 
Co-operation at the Ministry of Magic.
At Harry's words, all the Weasleys and Hermione exchanged darkly 
significant looks.
'Whatever you do, don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad,' Ron told 
Harry in a tense voice.
'Why not?'
'Because every time Percy's name's mentioned, Dad breaks whatever he's 
holding and Mum starts crying,' Fred said.
'It's been awful,' said Ginny sadly.
'I think we're well shot of him,' said George, with an uncharacteristically 
ugly look on his face.
'What's happened?' Harry said.
'Percy and Dad had a row,' said Fred. 'I've never seen Dad row with anyone 
like that. It's normally Mum who shouts.'
'It was the first week back after term ended,' said Ron. 'We were about to 
come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us he'd been promoted.'
'You're kidding?' said Harry.
Though he knew perfectly well that Percy was highly ambitious, Harry's 
impression was that Percy had not made a great success of his first job at 
the Ministry of Magic. Percy had committed the fairly large oversight of 
failing to notice that his boss was being controlled by Lord Voldemort (not 
that the Ministry had believed it - they all thought Mr Crouch had gone 
mad).
'Yeah, we were all surprised,' said George, 'because Percy got into a load 
of trouble about Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said 
Percy ought to have realised Crouch was off his rocker and informed a 
superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn't going to 
complain.'
'So how come they promoted him?'
That's exactly what we wondered,' said Ron, who seemed very keen to keep 
normal conversation going now that Harry had stopped yelling. 'He came home 
really pleased with himself - even more pleased than usual, if you can 
imagine that - and told Dad he'd been offered a position in Fudge's own 
office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts: Junior 
Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed, I think.'
'Only Dad wasn't,' said Fred grimly.
'Why not?' said Harry.
'Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that 
nobody's having any contact with Dumbledore,' said George.
'Dumbledore's name is mud with the Ministry these days, see,' said Fred. 
They all think he's just making trouble saying You-Know-Who's back.'
'Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who's in league with 
Dumbledore can clear out their desks,' said George.
'Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, he knows he's friendly with Dumbledore, 
and he's always thought Dad's a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle 
obsession.'
'But what's that got to do with Percy?' asked Harry, contused.
'I'm coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office 
because he wants to use him to spy on the family - and Dumbledore.'
Harry let out a low whistle.
'Bet Percy loved that.'
Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way.
'He went completely berserk. He said - well, he said loads of terrible 
stuff. He said he's been having to struggle against Dad's lousy reputation 
ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad's got no ambition and that's 
why we've always been - you know - not had a lot of money, I mean -'
'What?' said Harry in disbelief, as Ginny made a noise like an angry cat.
'I know,' said Ron in a low voice. 'And it got worse. He said Dad was an 
idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big 
trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and that he - Percy - knew 
where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were 
going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone 
knew he didn't belong to our family any more. And he packed his bags the 
same night and left. He's living here in London now.'
Harry swore under his breath. He had always liked Percy least of Ron's 
brothers, but he had never imagined he would say such things to Mr Weasley.
'Mum's been in a right state,' said Ron dully. 'You know - crying and 
stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the 
door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work - ignores 
him, I s'pose.'
'But Percy must know Voldemort's back,' said Harry slowly. 'He's not 
stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn't risk everything without 
proof.'
'Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,' said Ron, shooting Harry 
a furtive look. 'Percy said the only evidence was your word and... I 
dunno... he didn't think it was good enough.'
'Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously,' said Hermione tartly, and the 
others all nodded.
'What are you talking about?' Harry asked, looking around at them all. They 
were all regarding him warily.
'Haven't - haven't you been getting the Daily Prophet!' Hermione asked 
nervously.
'Yeah, I have!' said Harry.
'Have you - er - been reading it thoroughly?' Hermione asked, still more 
anxiously.
'Not cover to cover,' said Harry defensively. 'If they were going to report 
anything about Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldn't it?'
The others flinched at the sound of the name. Hermione hurried on, 'Well, 
you'd need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they - um - they 
mention you a couple of times a week.'
'But I'd have seen -'
'Not if you've only been reading the front page, you wouldn't,' said 
Hermione, shaking her head. 'I'm not talking about big articles. They just 
slip you in, like you're a standing joke.'
'What d'you -?'
'It's quite nasty, actually,' said Hermione in a voice of forced calm. 
They're just building on Rita's stuff.'
'But she's not writing for them any more, is she?'
'Oh, no, she's kept her promise - not that she's got any choice,' Hermione 
added with satisfaction. 'But she laid the foundation for what they're 
trying to do now.'
'Which is what?' said Harry impatiently.
'OK, you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and 
saying your scar was hurting and all that?'
'Yeah,' said Harry, who was not likely to forget Rita Skeeters stories 
about him in a hurry.
'Well, they're writing about you as though you're this deluded, 
attention-seeking person who thinks he's a great tragic hero or something,' 
said Hermione, very fast, as though it would be less unpleasant for Harry 
to hear these facts quickly. 'They keep slipping in snide comments about 
you. If some far-fetched story appears, they say something like, "A tale 
worthy of Harry Potter", and if anyone has a funny accident or anything 
it's, "Let's hope he hasn't got a scar on his forehead or we'll be asked to 
worship him next" -'
'I don't want anyone to worship -' Harry began hotly.
'I know you don't,' said Hermione quickly, looking frightened. 'I know, 
Harry. But you see what they're doing? They want to turn you into someone 
nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, I'll bet anything. They want 
wizards on the street to think you're just some stupid boy who's a bit of a 
joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and 
wants to keep it going.'
'I didn't ask - I didn't want - Voldemort killed my parents!' Harry 
spluttered. 'I got famous because he murdered my family but couldn't kill 
me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don't they think I'd rather it'd never 
-'
'We know, Harry,' said Ginny earnestly.
'And of course, they didn't report a word about the Dementors attacking 
you,' said Hermione. 'Someone's told them to keep that quiet. That 
should've been a really big story, out-of-control Dementors. They haven't 
even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We 
thought they would, it would tie in so well with this image of you as some 
stupid show-off. We think they're biding their time until you're expelled, 
then they're really going to go to town - I mean, if you're expelled, 
obviously,' she went on hastily. 'You really shouldn't be, not if they 
abide by their own laws, there's no case against you.'
They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about that. 
He cast around for another change of subject, but was saved the necessity 
of finding one by the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs.
'Uh oh.'
Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was another loud crack and 
he and George vanished. Seconds later, Mrs Weasley appeared in the bedroom 
doorway.
'The meeting's over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyone's 
dying to see you, Harry. And who's left all those Dungbombs outside the 
kitchen door?'
'Crookshanks,' said Ginny unblushingly. 'He loves playing with them.'
'Oh,' said Mrs Weasley, 'I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps 
doing odd things like that. Now don't forget to keep your voices down in 
the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and 
wash them before dinner, please.'
Ginny grimaced at the others and followed her mother out of the room, 
leaving Harry alone with Ron and Hermione. Both of them were watching him 
apprehensively, as though they feared he would start shouting again now 
that everyone else had gone. The sight of them looking so nervous made him 
feel slightly ashamed.
'Look...' he muttered, but Ron shook his head, and Hermione said quietly, 
'We knew you'd be angry, Harry, we really don't blame you, but you've got 
to understand, we did try to persuade Dumbledore -'
'Yeah, I know,' said Harry shortly.
He cast around for a topic that didn't involve his headmaster, because the 
very thought of Dumbledore made Harry's insides burn with anger again.
'Who's Kreacher?' he asked.
The house-elf who lives here,' said Ron. 'Nutter. Never met one like him.'
Hermione frowned at Ron.
'He's not a nutter, Ron.'
'His life's ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque 
just like his mother,' said Ron irritably. 'Is that normal, Hermione?'
'Well - well, if he is a bit strange, it's not his fault.'
Ron rolled his eyes at Harry.
'Hermione still hasn't given up on SPEW -'
'It's not SPEW!' said Hermione heatedly. 'It's the Society for the 
Promotion of Elfish Welfare. And it's not just me, Dumbledore says we 
should be kind to Kreacher too.'
'Yeah, yeah,' said Ron. 'C'mon, I'm starving.'
He led the way out of the door and on to the landing, but before they could 
descend the stairs -
'Hold it!' Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione 
walking any further. They're still in the hall, we might be able to hear 
something.'
The three of them looked cautiously over the banisters. The gloomy hallway 
below was packed with witches and wizards, including all of Harrys guard. 
They were whispering excitedly together. In the very centre of the group 
Harry saw the dark, greasy-haired head and prominent nose of his least 
favourite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leant further over 
the banisters. He was very interested in what Snape was doing for the Order 
of the Phoenix...
A thin piece of flesh-coloured string descended in front of Harrys eyes. 
Looking up, he saw Fred and George on the landing above, cautiously 
lowering the Extendable Ear towards the dark knot of people below. A moment 
later, however, they all began to move towards the front door and out of 
sight.
'Dammit,' Harry heard Fred whisper, as he hoisted the Extendable Ear back 
up again.
They heard the front door open, then close.
'Snape never eats here,' Ron told Harry quietly. Thank God. C'mon.'
'And don't forget to keep your voice down in the hall, Harry,' Hermione 
whispered.
As they passed the row of house-elf heads on the wall, they saw Lupin, Mrs 
Weasley and Tonks at the front door, magically sealing its many locks and 
bolts behind those who had just left.
'We're eating down in the kitchen,' Mrs Weasley whispered, meeting them at 
the bottom of the stairs. 'Harry, dear, if you'll just tiptoe across the 
hall, it's through this door here -'
CRASH.
'Tonks!' cried Mrs Weasley in exasperation, turning to look behind her.
'I'm sorry!' wailed Tonks, who was lying flat on the floor. 'It's that 
stupid umbrella stand, that's the second time I've tripped over -'
But the rest of her words were drowned by a horrible, ear-splitting, 
blood-curdling screech.
The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier had flown apart, 
but there was no door behind them. For a split second, Harry thought he was 
looking through a window, a window behind which an old woman in a black cap 
was screaming and screaming as though she were being tortured - then he 
realised it was simply a life-size portrait, but the most realistic, and 
the most unpleasant, he had ever seen in his life.
The old woman was drooling, her eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of 
her face stretched taut as she screamed; and all along the hall behind 
them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell, too, so that Harry 
actually screwed up his eyes at the noise and clapped his hands over his 
ears.
Lupin and Mrs Weasley darted forward and tried to tug the curtains shut 
over the old woman, but they would not close and she screeched louder than 
ever, brandishing clawed hands as though trying to tear at their faces.
'Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breeds, mutants, 
freaks, begone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers 
-'
Tonks apologised over and over again, dragging the huge, heavy troll's leg 
back off the floor; Mrs Weasley abandoned the attempt to close the curtains 
and hurried up and down the hall, stunning all the other portraits with her 
wand; and a man with long black hair came charging out of a door facing 
Harry.
'Shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP!' he roared, seizing the curtain 
Mrs Weasley had abandoned.
The old woman's face blanched.
'Yoooou!' she howled, her eyes popping at the sight of the man. 'Blood 
traitor, abomination, shame of my flesh!'
'I said - shut - UP!' roared the man, and with a stupendous effort he and 
Lupin managed to force the curtains closed again.
The old woman's screeches died and an echoing silence fell. Panting 
slightly and sweeping his long dark hair out of his eyes, Harry's godfather 
Sirius turned to face him.
'Hello, Harry,' he said grimly, 'I see you've met my mother.'
CHAPTER FIVE -
The Order of the Phoenix
'Your -?'
'My dear old mum, yeah,' said Sirius. 'We've been trying to get her down 
for a month but we think she put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of 
the canvas. Let's get downstairs, quick, before they all wake up again.'
'But what's a portrait of your mother doing here?' Harry asked, bewildered, 
as they went through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight 
of narrow stone steps, the others just behind them.
'Hasn't anyone told you? This was my parents' house,' said Sirius. 'But I'm 
the last Black left, so it's mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for 
Headquarters - about the only useful thing I've been able to do.'
Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter 
Sirius's voice sounded. He followed his godfather to the bottom of the 
steps and through a door leading into the basement kitchen.
It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall above, a cavernous room with 
rough stone walls. Most of the light was coming from a large fire at the 
far end of the room. A haze of pipe smoke hung in the air like battle 
fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy iron pots and pans 
hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into the room 
for the meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of them, 
littered with rolls of parchment, goblets, empty wine bottles, and a heap 
of what appeared to be rags. Mr Weasley and his eldest son Bill were 
talking quietly with their heads together at the end of the table.
Mrs Weasley cleared her throat. Her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired 
man who wore horn-rimmed glasses, looked around and jumped to his feet.
'Harry!' Mr Weasley said, hurrying forward to greet him, and shaking his 
hand vigorously. 'Good to see you!'
Over his shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore his long hair in a 
ponytail, hastily rolling up the lengths of parchment left on the table.
'Journey all right, Harry?' Bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls 
at once. 'Mad-Eye didn't make you come via Greenland, then?'
'He tried,' said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and immediately toppling 
a candle on to the last piece of parchment. 'Oh no - sorry -
'Here, dear,' said Mrs Weasley, sounding exasperated, and she repaired the 
parchment with a wave of her wand. In the flash of light caused by Mrs 
Weasley's charm Harry caught a glimpse of what looked like the plan of a 
building.
Mrs Weasley had seen him looking. She snatched the plan off the table and 
stuffed it into Bill's already overladen arms.
'This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of 
meetings,' she snapped, before sweeping off towards an ancient dresser from 
which she started unloading dinner plates.
Bill took out his wand, muttered, 'Evanesco!' and the scrolls vanished.
'Sit down, Harry,' said Sirius. 'You've met Mundungus, haven't you?'
The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged, grunting 
snore, then jerked awake.
'Some'n say m'name?' Mundungus mumbled sleepily. 'I 'gree with Sirius...' 
He raised a very grubby hand in the air as though voting, his droopy, 
bloodshot eyes unfocused.
Ginny giggled.
'The meeting's over, Dung,' said Sirius, as they all sat down around him at 
the table. 'Harry's arrived.'
'Eh?' said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry through his matted ginger 
hair. 'Blimey, so 'e 'as. Yeah... you all right, 'Any?'
'Yeah,' said Harry.
Mundungus fumbled nervously in his pockets, still staring at Harry, and 
pulled out a grimy black pipe. He stuck it in his mouth, ignited the end of 
it with his wand and took a deep pull on it. Great billowing clouds of 
greenish smoke obscured him within seconds.
'Owe you a 'pology,' grunted a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud.
'For the last time, Mundungus,' called Mrs Weasley, 'will you please not 
smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when we're about to eat!'
'Ah,' said Mundungus. 'Right. Sorry, Molly.'
The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed his pipe back in his 
pocket, but an acrid smell of burning socks lingered.
'And if you want dinner before midnight I'll need a hand,' Mrs Weasley said 
to the room at large. 'No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, you've 
had a long journey.'
'What can I do, Molly?' said Tonks enthusiastically, bounding forwards.
Mrs Weasley hesitated, looking apprehensive.
'Er - no, it's all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, you've done enough 
today.'
'No, no, I want to help!' said Tonks brightly, knocking over a chair as she 
hurried towards the dresser, from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.
Soon, a series of heavy knives were chopping meat and vegetables of their 
own accord, supervised by Mr Weasley, while Mrs Weasley stirred a cauldron 
dangling over the fire and the others took out plates, more goblets and 
food from the pantry. Harry was left at the table with Sirius and 
Mundungus, who was still blinking at him mournfully.
'Seen old Figgy since?' he asked.
'No,' said Harry, 'I haven't seen anyone.'
'See, I wouldn't 'ave left,' said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading 
note in his voice, 'but I 'ad a business opportunity -'
Harry felt something brush against his knees and started, but it was only 
Crookshanks, Hermione's bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once 
around Harry's legs, purring, then jumped on to Sirius's lap and curled up. 
Sirius scratched him absent-mindedly behind the ears as he turned, still 
grim-faced, to Harry.
'Had a good summer so far?'
'No, it's been lousy,' said Harry.
For the first time, something like a grin flitted across Sirius's face.
'Don't know what you're complaining about, myself.'
'What?' said Harry incredulously.
'Personally, I'd have welcomed a Dementor attack. A deadly struggle for my 
soul would have broken the monotony nicely. You think you've had it bad, at 
least you've been able to get out and about, stretch your legs, get into a 
few fights... I've been stuck inside for a month.'
'How come?' asked Harry, frowning.
'Because the Ministry of Magic's still after me, and Voldemort will know 
all about me being an Animagus by now, Wormtail will have told him, so my 
big disguise is useless. There's not much I can do for the Order of the 
Phoenix... or so Dumbledore feels.'
There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which 
Sirius uttered Dumbledore's name that told Harry that Sirius, too, was not 
very happy with the Headmaster. Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection 
for his godfather.
At least you've known what's been going on,' he said bracingly.
'Oh yeah,' said Sirius sarcastically. 'Listening to Snape's reports, having 
to take all his snide hints that he's out there risking his life while I'm 
sat on my backside here having a nice comfortable time... asking me how the 
cleanings going -'
'What cleaning?' asked Harry.
Trying to make this place fit for human habitation,' said Sirius, waving a 
hand around the dismal kitchen. 'No one's lived here for ten years, not 
since my dear mother died, unless you count her old house-elf, and he's 
gone round the twist - hasn't cleaned anything in ages.'
'Sirius,' said Mundungus, who did not appear to have paid any attention to 
the conversation, but had been closely examining an empty goblet. 'This 
solid silver, mate?'
'Yes,' said Sirius, surveying it with distaste. 'Finest fifteenth-century 
goblin-wrought silver, embossed with the Black family crest.'
That'd come orf, though,' muttered Mundungus, polishing it with his cuff.
'Fred - George - NO, JUST CARRY THEM!' Mrs Weasley shrieked.
Harry, Sirius and Mundungus looked round and, within a split second, they 
had dived away from the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large 
cauldron of stew, an iron flagon of Butterbeer and a heavy wooden 
breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through the air towards them. 
The stew skidded the length of the table and came to a halt just before the 
end, leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface; the flagon of 
Butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling its contents everywhere; the bread 
knife slipped off the board and landed, point down and quivering ominously, 
exactly where Sirius's right hand had been seconds before.
'FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!' screamed Mrs Weasley. THERE WAS NO NEED - I'VE HAD 
ENOUGH OF THIS - JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW, YOU DON'T 
HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!'
'We were just trying to save a bit of time!' said Fred, hurrying forward to 
wrench the bread knife out of the table. 'Sorry, Sirius, mate - didn't mean 
to -'
Harry and Sirius were both laughing; Mundungus, who had toppled backwards 
off his chair, was swearing as he got to his feet; Crookshanks had given an 
angry hiss and shot off under the dresser, from where his large yellow eyes 
glowed in the darkness.
'Boys,' Mr Weasley said, lifting the stew back into the middle of the 
table, 'your mother's right, you're supposed to show a sense of 
responsibility now you've come of age -'
'None of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!' Mrs Weasley raged at 
the twins as she slammed a fresh flagon of Butterbeer on to the table, and 
spilling almost as much again. 'Bill didn't feel the need to Apparate every 
few feet! Charlie didn't charm everything he met! Percy -'
She stopped dead, catching her breath with a frightened look at her 
husband, whose expression was suddenly wooden.
'Let's eat,' said Bill quickly.
'It looks wonderful, Molly,' said Lupin, ladling stew on to a plate for her 
and handing it across the table.
For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery 
and the scraping of chairs as everyone settled down to their food. Then Mrs 
Weasley turned to Sirius.
'I've been meaning to tell you, Sirius, there's something trapped in that 
writing desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, 
it could just be a Boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a 
look at it before we let it out.'
'Whatever you like,' said Sirius indifferently.
'The curtains in there are full of Doxys, too,' Mrs Weasley went on. 'I 
thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.'
'I look forward to it,' said Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in his voice, 
but he was not sure that anyone else did.
Opposite Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming 
her nose between mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same 
pained expression she had worn back in Harry's bedroom, her nose swelled to 
a beak-like protuberance that resembled Snape's, shrank to the size of a 
button mushroom and then sprouted a great deal of hair from each nostril. 
Apparently this was a regular mealtime entertainment, because Hermione and 
Ginny were soon requesting their favourite noses.
'Do that one like a pig snout, Tonks.'
Tonks obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting impression that a 
female Dudley was grinning at him from across the table.
Mr Weasley, Bill and Lupin were having an intense discussion about goblins.
They're not giving anything away yet,' said Bill. 'I still can't work out 
whether or not they believe he's back. Course, they might prefer not to 
take sides at all. Keep out of it.'
'I'm sure they'd never go over to You-Know-Who,' said Mr Weasley, shaking 
his head. They've suffered losses too; remember that goblin family he 
murdered last time, somewhere near Nottingham?'
'I think it depends what they're offered,' said Lupin. 'And I'm not talking 
about gold. If they're offered the freedoms we've been denying them for 
centuries they're going to be tempted. Have you still not had any luck with 
Ragnok, Bill?'
'He's feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,' said Bill, 'he hasn't 
stopped raging about the Bagman business, he reckons the Ministry did a 
cover-up, those goblins never got their gold from him, you know -'
A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of Bill's 
words. Fred, George, Ron and Mundungus were rolling around in their seats.
'... and then,' choked Mundungus, tears running down his face, 'and then, 
if you'll believe it, 'e says to me, 'e says, "'Ere, Dung, where didja get 
all them toads from? 'Cos some son of a Bludger's gone and nicked all 
mine!" And I says, "Nicked all your toads, Will, what next? So you'll be 
wanting some more, then?" And if you'll believe me, lads, the gormless 
gargoyle buys all 'is own toads back orf me for a lot more'n what 'e paid 
in the first place -'
'1 don't think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank 
you very much, Mundungus,' said Mrs Weasley sharply, as Ron slumped 
forwards on to the table, howling with laughter.
'Beg pardon, Molly,' said Mundungus at once, wiping his eyes and winking at 
Harry. 'But, you know, Will nicked 'em orf Warty Harris in the first place 
so I wasn't really doing nothing wrong.'
'I don't know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundungus, but you 
seem to have missed a few crucial lessons,' said Mrs Weasley coldly.
Fred and George buried their faces in their goblets of Butterbeer; George 
was hiccoughing. For some reason, Mrs Weasley threw a very nasty look at 
Sirius before getting to her feet and going to fetch a large rhubarb 
crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at his godfather.
'Molly doesn't approve of Mundungus,' said Sirius in an undertone.
'How come he's in the Order?' Harry said, very quietly.
'He's useful,' Sirius muttered. 'Knows all the crooks - well, he would, 
seeing as he's one himself. But he's also very loyal to Dumbledore, who 
helped him out of a tight spot once. It pays to have someone like Dung 
around, he hears things we don't. But Molly thinks inviting him to stay for 
dinner is going too far. She hasn't forgiven him for slipping off duty when 
he was supposed to be tailing you.'
Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later and the waistband on 
Harrys jeans was feeling uncomfortably tight (which was saying something as 
the jeans had once been Dudley's). As he laid down his spoon there was a 
lull in the general conversation: Mr Weasley was leaning back in his chair, 
looking replete and relaxed; Tonks was yawning widely, her nose now back to 
normal; and Ginny who had lured Crookshanks out from under the dresser, was 
sitting cross-legged on the floor, rolling Butterbeer corks for him to 
chase.
'Nearly time for bed, I think,' said Mrs Weasley with a yawn.
'Not just yet, Molly' said Sirius, pushing away his empty plate and turning 
to look at Harry. 'You know, I'm surprised at you. I thought the first 
thing you'd do when you got here would be to start asking questions about 
Voldemort.'
The atmosphere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry associated with 
the arrival of Dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily 
relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A frisson had gone around the table 
at the mention of Voldemort's name. Lupin, who had been about to take a sip 
of wine, lowered his goblet slowly, looking wary.
'I did!' said Harry indignantly. 'I asked Ron and Hermione but they said 
we're not allowed in the Order, so -'
'And they're quite right,' said Mrs Weasley. 'You're too young.'
She was sitting bolt upright in her chair, her fists clenched on its arms, 
every trace of drowsiness gone.
'Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask 
questions?' asked Sirius. 'Harry's been trapped in that Muggle house for a 
month. He's got the right to know what's been happen-'
'Hang on!' interrupted George loudly.
'How come Harry gets his questions answered?' said Fred angrily.
'We've been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and you haven't told 
us a single stinking thing!' said George.
'"You're too young, you're not in the Order,'" said Fred, in a high-pitched 
voice that sounded uncannily like his mother's. 'Harry's not even of age!'
'It's not my fault you haven't been told what the Order's doing,' said 
Sirius calmly, 'that's your parents' decision. Harry, on the other hand -'
'It's not down to you to decide what's good for Harry!' said Mrs Weasley 
sharply. The expression on her normally kind face looked dangerous. 'You 
haven't forgotten what Dumbledore said, I suppose?'
'Which bit?' Sirius asked politely, but with the air of a man readying 
himself for a fight.
The bit about not telling Harry more than he needs to know,' said Mrs 
Weasley, placing a heavy emphasis on the last three words.
Ron, Hermione, Fred and George's heads swivelled from Sirius to Mrs Weasley 
as though they were following a tennis rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a 
pile of abandoned Butterbeer corks, watching the conversation with her 
mouth slightly open. Lupin's eyes were fixed on Sirius.
'I don't intend to tell him more than he needs to know, Molly,' said 
Sirius. 'But as he was the one who saw Voldemort come back' (again, there 
was a collective shudder around the table at the name) 'he has more right 
than most to -'
'He's not a member of the Order of the Phoenix!' said Mrs Weasley. 'He's 
only fifteen and -'
'And he's dealt with as much as most in the Order,' said Sirius, 'and more 
than some.'
'No one's denying what he's done!' said Mrs Weasley, her voice rising, her 
fists trembling on the arms of her chair. 'But he's still -'
'He's not a child!' said Sirius impatiently.
'He's not an adult either!' said Mrs Weasley, the colour rising in her 
cheeks. 'He's not James, Sirius!'
'I'm perfectly clear who he is, thanks, Molly,' said Sirius coldly.
'I'm not sure you are!' said Mrs Weasley. 'Sometimes, the way you talk 
about him, it's as though you think you've got your best friend back!'
'What's wrong with that?' said Harry.
'What's wrong, Harry, is that you are not your father, however much you 
might look like him!' said Mrs Weasley, her eyes still boring into Sirius. 
'You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget 
it!'
'Meaning I'm an irresponsible godfather?' demanded Sirius, his voice 
rising.
'Meaning you have been known to act rashly, Sirius, which is why Dumbledore 
keeps reminding you to stay at home and -'
'We'll leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this, if you please!' 
said Sirius loudly.
'Arthur!' said Mrs Weasley, rounding on her husband. 'Arthur, back me up!'
Mr Weasley did not speak at once. He took off his glasses and cleaned them 
slowly on his robes, not looking at his wife. Only when he had replaced 
them carefully on his nose did he reply.
'Dumbledore knows the position has changed, Molly. He accepts that Harry 
will have to be filled in, to a certain extent, now that he is staying at 
Headquarters.'
'Yes, but there's a difference between that and inviting him to ask 
whatever he likes!'
'Personally,' said Lupin quietly, looking away from Sirius at last, as Mrs 
Weasley turned quickly to him, hopeful that finally she was about to get an 
ally, 'I think it better that Harry gets the facts -not all the facts, 
Molly, but the general picture - from us, rather than a garbled version 
from... others.'
His expression was mild, but Harry felt sure Lupin, at least, knew that 
some Extendable Ears had survived Mrs Weasley's purge.
'Well,' said Mrs Weasley, breathing deeply and looking around the table for 
support that did not come, 'well... I can see I'm going to be overruled. 
I'll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting 
Harry to know too much, and speaking as someone who has Harry's best 
interests at heart -'
'He's not your son,' said Sirius quietly.
'He's as good as,' said Mrs Weasley fiercely. 'Who else has he got?'
'He's got me!'
'Yes,' said Mrs Weasley, her lip curling, 'the thing is, it's been rather 
difficult for you to look after him while you've been locked UP in Azkaban, 
hasn't it?'
Sirius started to rise from his chair.
'Molly, you're not the only person at this table who cares about Harry,' 
said Lupin sharply. 'Sirius, sit down.'
Mrs Weasley's lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank slowly back into his 
chair, his face white.
'I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this,' Lupin continued, 'he's 
old enough to decide for himself.'
'I want to know what's been going on,' Harry said at once.
He did not look at Mrs Weasley. He had been touched by what she had said 
about his being as good as a son, but he was also impatient with her 
mollycoddling. Sirius was right, he was not a child.
'Very well,' said Mrs Weasley, her voice cracking. 'Ginny - Ron - Hermione 
- Fred - George - I want you out of this kitchen, now.'
There was instant uproar.
'We're of age!' Fred and George bellowed together.
'If Harry's allowed, why can't I?' shouted Ron.
'Mum, I want to hear!' wailed Ginny.
'NO!' shouted Mrs Weasley, standing up, her eyes overbright. 'I absolutely 
forbid -'
'Molly, you can't stop Fred and George,' said Mr Weasley wearily. They are 
of age.'
They're still at school.'
'But they're legally adults now,' said Mr Weasley, in the same tired voice.
Mrs Weasley was now scarlet in the face.
'I - oh, all right then, Fred and George can stay, but Ron -'
'Harry'll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway!' said Ron hotly. 
'Won't - won't you?' he added uncertainly, meeting Harry's eyes.
For a split second, Harry considered telling Ron that he wouldn't tell him 
a single word, that he could try a taste of being kept in the dark and see 
how he liked it. But the nasty impulse vanished as they looked at each 
other.
'Course I will,' Harry said.
Ron and Hermione beamed.
'Fine!' shouted Mrs Weasley. 'Fine! Ginny - BED!'
Ginny did not go quietly. They could hear her raging and storming at her 
mother all the way up the stairs, and when she reached the hall Mrs Blacks 
ear-splitting shrieks were added to the din. Lupin hurried off to the 
portrait to restore calm. It was only after he had returned, closing the 
kitchen door behind him and taking his seat at the table again, that Sirius 
spoke.
'OK, Harry... what do you want to know?'
Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had obsessed him for 
the last month.
'Where's Voldemort?' he said, ignoring the renewed shudders and winces at 
the name. 'What's he doing? I've been trying to watch the Muggle news, and 
there hasn't been anything that looks like him yet, no funny deaths or 
anything.'
That's because there haven't been any funny deaths yet,' said Sirius, 'not 
as far as we know, anyway... and we know quite a lot.'
'More than he thinks we do, anyway,' said Lupin.
'How come he's stopped killing people?' Harry asked. He knew Voldemort had 
murdered more than once in the last year alone.
'Because he doesn't want to draw attention to himself,' said Sirius. 'It 
would be dangerous for him. His comeback didn't come off quite the way he 
wanted it to, you see. He messed it up.'
'Or rather, you messed it tip for him,' said Lupin, with a satisfied smile.
'How?' Harry asked, perplexed.
'You weren't supposed to survive!' said Sirius. 'Nobody apart from his 
Death Eaters was supposed to know he'd come back. But you survived to bear 
witness.'
'And the very last person he wanted alerted to his return the moment he got 
back was Dumbledore,' said Lupin. 'And you made sure Dumbledore knew at 
once.'
'How has that helped?' Harry asked.
'Are you kidding?' said Bill incredulously. 'Dumbledore was the only one 
You-Know-Who was ever scared of!'
Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about 
an hour after Voldemort returned,' said Sirius.
'So, what's the Order been doing?' said Harry, looking around at them all.
'Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can't carry out his 
plans,' said Sirius.
'How d'you know what his plans are?' Harry asked quickly.
'Dumbledore's got a shrewd idea,' said Lupin, 'and Dumbledore's shrewd 
ideas normally turn out to be accurate.'
'So what does Dumbledore reckon he's planning?'
'Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again,' said Sirius. 'In the 
old days he had huge numbers at his command: witches and wizards he'd 
bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death Eaters, a great 
variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; 
well, they'll be just one of the groups he's after. He's certainly not 
going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death 
Eaters.'
'So you're trying to stop him getting more followers?'
'We're doing our best,' said Lupin.
'How?'
'Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible 
that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard,' said 
Bill. 'It's proving tricky, though.'
'Why?'
'Because of the Ministry's attitude,' said Tonks. 'You saw Cornelius Fudge 
after You-Know-Who came back, Harry. Well, he hasn't shifted his position 
at all. He's absolutely refusing to believe it's happened.'
'But why?' said Harry desperately. Why's he being so stupid? If Dumbledore 
-'
'Ah, well, you've put your finger on the problem,' said Mr Weasley with a 
wry smile. 'Dumbledore.'
'Fudge is frightened of him, you see,' said Tonks sadly.
'Frightened of Dumbledore?' said Harry incredulously.
'Frightened of what he's up to,' said Mr Weasley. 'Fudge thinks 
Dumbledore's plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be 
Minister for Magic.'
'But Dumbledore doesn't want -'
'Of course he doesn't,' said Mr Weasley. 'He's never wanted the Minister's 
job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent 
Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead, but
-
he's never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even 
though Dumbledore never applied for the job.'
'Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledore's much cleverer than he is a much more 
powerful wizard, and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever 
asking Dumbledore for help and advice,' said Lupin. 'But it seems he's 
become fond of power, and much more confident. He loves being Minister for 
Magic and he's managed to convince himself that he's the clever one and 
Dumbledore's simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it.'
'How can he think that?' said Harry angrily. 'How can he think Dumbledore 
would just make it all up - that I'd make it all up?'
'Because accepting that Voldemort's back would mean trouble like the 
Ministry hasn't had to cope with for nearly fourteen years,' said Sirius 
bitterly. 'Fudge just can't bring himself to face it. It's so much more 
comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore's lying to destabilise him.'
'You see the problem,' said Lupin. 'While the Ministry insists there is 
nothing to fear from Voldemort it's hard to convince people he's back, 
especially as they really don't want to believe it in the first place. 
What's more, the Ministry's leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to 
report any of what they're calling Dumbledore's rumour-mongering, so most 
of the wizarding community are completely unaware any things happened, and 
that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if they're using the 
Imperius Curse.'
'But you're telling people, aren't you?' said Harry, looking around at Mr 
Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Mundungus, Lupin and Tonks. 'You're letting people 
know he's back?'
They all smiled humourlessly.
'Well, as everyone thinks I'm a mad mass-murderer and the Ministry's put a 
ten thousand Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street 
and start handing out leaflets, can I?' said Sirius restlessly.
'And I'm not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community,' said 
Lupin. 'It's an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.'
'Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started 
shooting their mouths off,' said Sirius, 'and it's very important for us to 
have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have 
them.'
'We've managed to convince a couple of people, though,' said Mr Weasley. 
Tonks here, for one - she's too young to have been in the Order of the 
Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage - 
Kingsley Shacklebolt's been a real asset, too; he's in charge of the hunt 
for Sirius, so he's been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in 
Tibet.'
'But if none of you are putting the news out that Voldemorts back -' Harry 
began.
'Who said none of us are putting the news out?' said Sirius. Why d'you 
think Dumbledore's in such trouble?'
'What d'you mean?' Harry asked.
They're trying to discredit him,' said Lupin. 'Didn't you see the Daily 
Prophet last week? They reported that he'd been voted out of the 
Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he's 
getting old and losing his grip, but it's not true; he was voted out by 
Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemorts return. 
They've demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot - that's the 
Wizard High Court - and they're talking about taking away his Order of 
Merlin, First Class, too.'
'But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't 
take him off the Chocolate Frog Cards,' said Bill, grinning.
'It's no laughing matter,' said Mr Weasley sharply. 'If he carries on 
defying the Ministry like this he could end up in Azkaban, and the last 
thing we want is to have Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows 
Dumbledore's out there and wise to what he's up to he's going to go 
cautiously. If Dumbledore's out of the way - well, You-Know-Who will have a 
clear field.'
'But if Voldemort's trying to recruit more Death Eaters it's bound to get 
out that he's come back, isn't it?' asked Harry desperately.
'Voldemort doesn't march up to people's houses and bang on their front 
doors, Harry,' said Sirius. 'He tricks, jinxes and blackmails them. He's 
well-practised at operating in secret. In any case, gathering followers is 
only one thing he's interested in. He's got other plans too, plans he can 
put into operation very quietly indeed, and he's concentrating on those for 
the moment.'
'What's he after apart from followers?' Harry asked swiftly. He thought he 
saw Sirius and Lupin exchange the most fleeting of looks before Sirius 
answered.
'Stuff he can only get by stealth.'
When Harry continued to look puzzled, Sirius said, 'Like a weapon. 
Something he didn't have last time.'
'When he was powerful before?'
'Yes.'
'Like what kind of weapon?' said Harry. 'Something worse than the Avada 
Kedavra -?'
'That's enough!'
Mrs Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door. Harry hadn't noticed 
her return from taking Ginny upstairs. Her arms were crossed and she looked 
furious.
'I want you in bed, now. All of you,' she added, looking around at Fred, 
George, Ron and Hermione.
'You can't boss us -' Fred began.
'Watch me,' snarled Mrs Weasley. She was trembling slightly as she looked 
at Sirius. 'You've given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you 
might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway.'
'Why not?' said Harry quickly. I'll join, I want to join, I want to fight.'
'No.'
It was not Mrs Weasley who spoke this time, but Lupin.
The Order is comprised only of overage wizards,' he said. 'Wizards who have 
left school,' he added, as Fred and George opened their mouths. There are 
dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any of you... I think 
Molly's right, Sirius. We've said enough.'
Sirius half-shrugged but did not argue. Mrs Weasley beckoned imperiously to 
her sons and Hermione. One by one they stood up and Harry, recognising 
defeat, followed suit.
- CHAPTER SIX
The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Mrs Weasley followed them upstairs looking grim.
'I want you all to go straight to bed, no talking,' she said as they 
reached the first landing, 'we've got a busy day tomorrow. I expect Ginny's 
asleep,' she added to Hermione, 'so try not to wake her up.'
'Asleep, yeah, right,' said Fred in an undertone, after Hermione bade them 
goodnight and they were climbing to the next floor. 'If Ginny's not lying 
awake waiting for Hermione to tell her everything they said downstairs then 
I'm a Flobberworm...'
'All right, Ron, Harry,' said Mrs Weasley on the second landing, pointing 
them into their bedroom. 'Off to bed with you.'
'Night,' Harry and Ron said to the twins.
'Sleep tight,' said Fred, winking.
Mrs Weasley closed the door behind Harry with a sharp snap. The bedroom 
looked, if anything, even danker and gloomier than it had on first sight. 
The blank picture on the wall was now breathing very slowly and deeply, as 
though its invisible occupant was asleep. Harry put on his pyjamas, took 
off his glasses and climbed into his chilly bed while Ron threw Owl Treats 
up on top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were 
clattering around and rustling their wings restlessly.
'We can't let them out to hunt every night,' Ron explained as he pulled on 
his maroon pyjamas. 'Dumbledore doesn't want too many owls swooping around 
the square, thinks it'll look suspicious. Oh yeah... I forgot...'
He crossed to the door and bolted it.
'What're you doing that for?'
'Kreacher,' said Ron as he turned off the light. 'First night I was here he 
came wandering in at three in the morning. Trust me, you don't want to wake 
up and find him prowling around your room. Anyway...' he got into his bed, 
settled down under the covers then turned to look at Harry in the darkness; 
Harry could see his outline by the moonlight filtering in through the grimy 
window, 'what d'you reckon?'
Harry didn't need to ask what Ron meant.
'Well, they didn't tell us much we couldn't have guessed, did they?' he 
said, thinking of all that had been said downstairs. 'I mean, all they've 
really said is that the Order's trying to stop people joining Vol-'
There was a sharp intake of breath from Ron.
'-demort,' said Harry firmly. 'When are you going to start using his name? 
Sirius and Lupin do.'
Ron ignored this last comment.
'Yeah, you're right,' he said, 'we already knew nearly everything they told 
us, from using the Extendable Ears. The only new bit was -'
Crack.
'OUCH!'
'Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mum'll be back up here.'
'You two just Apparated on my knees!'
'Yeah, well, it's harder in the dark.'
Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred and George leaping down from Ron's 
bed. There was a groan of bedsprings and Harry's mattress descended a few 
inches as George sat down near his feet.
'So, got there yet?' said George eagerly.
The weapon Sirius mentioned?' said Harry.
'Let slip, more like,' said Fred with relish, now sitting next to Ron. 'We 
didn't hear about that on the old Extendables, did we?'
'What d'you reckon it is?' said Harry.
'Could be anything,' said Fred.
'But there can't be anything worse than the Avada Kedavra Curse, can 
there?' said Ron. What's worse than death?'
'Maybe it's something that can kill loads of people at once,' suggested 
George.
'Maybe it's some particularly painful way of killing people,' said Ron 
fearfully.
'He's got the Cruciatus Curse for causing pain,' said Harry, 'he doesn't 
need anything more efficient than that.'
There was a pause and Harry knew that the others, like him, were wondering 
what horrors this weapon could perpetrate.
'So who d'you think's got it now?' asked George.
'I hope it's our side,' said Ron, sounding slightly nervous.
'If it is, Dumbledore's probably keeping it,' said Fred.'
'Where?' said Ron quickly. 'Hogwarts?'
'Bet it is!' said George. That's where he hid the Philosopher's Stone.'
'A weapons going to be a lot bigger than the Stone, though!' said Ron.
'Not necessarily' said Fred.
'Yeah, size is no guarantee of power,' said George. 'Look at Ginny.'
'What d'you mean?' said Harry.
'You've never been on the receiving end of one of her Bat-Bogey Hexes, have 
you?'
'Shhh!' said Fred, half-rising from the bed. 'Listen!'
They fell silent. Footsteps were coming up the stairs.
'Mum,' said George and without further ado there was a loud crack and Harry 
felt the weight vanish from the end of his bed. A few seconds later, they 
heard the floorboard creak outside their door; Mrs Weasley was plainly 
listening to check whether or not they were talking.
Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. The floorboard creaked again and 
they heard her heading upstairs to check on Fred and George.
'She doesn't trust us at all, you know,' said Ron regretfully.
Harry was sure he would not be able to fall asleep; the evening had been so 
packed with things to think about that he fully expected to lie awake for 
hours mulling it all over. He wanted to continue talking to Ron, but Mrs 
Weasley was now creaking back downstairs again, and once she had gone he 
distinctly heard others making their way upstairs... in fact, many-legged 
creatures were cantering softly up and down outside the bedroom door, and 
Hagrid the Care of Magical Creatures teacher was saying, 'Beauties, arm 
they, eh, Harry? We'll be studyin' weapons this term ..." and Harry saw 
that the creatures had cannons for heads and were wheeling to face him... 
he ducked...
The next thing he knew, he was curled into a warm ball under his bedclothes 
and Georges loud voice was filling the room.
'Mum says get up, your breakfast is in the kitchen and then she needs you 
in the drawing room, there are loads more Doxys than she thought and she's 
found a nest of dead Puffskeins under the sofa.'
Half an hour later Harry and Ron, who had dressed and breakfasted quickly, 
entered the drawing room, a long, high-ceilinged room on the first floor 
with olive green walls covered in dirty tapestries. The carpet exhaled 
little clouds of dust every time someone put their foot on it and the long, 
moss green velvet curtains were buzzing as though swarming with invisible 
bees. It was around these that Mrs Weasley, Hermione, Ginny, Fred and 
George were grouped, all looking rather peculiar as they had each tied a 
cloth over their nose and mouth. Each of them was also holding a large 
bottle of black liquid with a nozzle at the end.
'Cover your faces and take a spray,' Mrs Weasley said to Harry and Ron the 
moment she saw them, pointing to two more bottles of black liquid standing 
on a spindle-legged table. 'It's Doxycide. I've never seen an infestation 
this bad - what that house-elf's been doing for the last ten years -'
Hermione's face was half concealed by a tea towel but Harry distinctly saw 
her throw a reproachful look at Mrs Weasley.
'Kreacher's really old, he probably couldn't manage -'
'You'd be surprised what Kreacher can manage when he wants to, Hermione,' 
said Sirius, who had just entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of 
what appeared to be dead rats. 'I've just been feeding Buckbeak,' he added, 
in reply to Harrys enquiring look. 'I keep him upstairs in my mothers 
bedroom. Anyway... this writing desk...'
He dropped the bag of rats into an armchair, then bent over Jo examine the 
locked cabinet which, Harry now noticed for the first time, was shaking 
slightly.
'Well, Molly, I'm pretty sure this is a Boggart,' said Sirius, peering 
through the keyhole, 'but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at 
it before we let it out - knowing my mother, it could be something much 
worse.'
'Right you are, Sirius,' said Mrs Weasley.
They were both speaking in carefully light, polite voices that told Harry 
quite plainly that neither had forgotten their disagreement of the night 
before.
A loud, clanging bell sounded from downstairs, followed at once by the 
cacophony of screams and wails that had been triggered the previous night 
by Tonks knocking over the umbrella stand.
'I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell!' said Sirius exasperatedly, 
hurrying out of the room. They heard him thundering down the stairs as Mrs 
Black's screeches echoed up through the house once more:
'Stains, of dishonour, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of 
filth
'Close the door, please, Harry,' said Mrs Weasley.
Harry took as much time as he dared to close the drawing-room door; he 
wanted to listen to what was going on downstairs. Sirius had obviously 
managed to shut the curtains over his mother's portrait because she had 
stopped screaming. He heard Sirius walking down the hall, then the 
clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice he 
recognised as Kingsley Shacklebolt's saying, 'Hestia's just relieved me, so 
she's got Moody's Cloak now, thought I'd leave a report for Dumbledore...'
Feeling Mrs Weasley's eyes on the back of his head, Harry regretfully 
closed the drawing-room door and rejoined the Doxy party.
Mrs Weasley was bending over to check the page on Doxys in Gilderoy 
Lockhart's Guide to Household Pests, which was lying open on the sofa.
'Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because Doxys bite and their teeth 
are poisonous. I've got a bottle of antidote here, but I'd rather nobody 
needed it.'
She straightened up, positioned herself squarely in front of the curtains 
and beckoned them all forward.
'When I say the word, start spraying immediately,' she said. They'll come 
flying out at us, I expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will 
paralyse them. When they're immobilised, just throw them in this bucket.'
She stepped carefully out of their line of fire, and raised her own spray.
'All right - squirt!'
Harry had been spraying only a few seconds when a fully-grown Doxy came 
soaring out of a fold in the material, shiny beetle-like wings whirring, 
tiny needle-sharp teeth bared, its fairy-like body covered with thick black 
hair and its four tiny lists clenched with fury. Harry caught it full in 
the face with a blast of Doxycide. It froze in midair and fell, with a 
surprisingly loud thunk, on to the worn carpet below. Harry picked it up 
and threw it in the bucket.
'Fred, what are you doing?' said Mrs Weasley sharply. 'Spray that at once 
and throw it away!'
Harry looked round. Fred was holding a struggling Doxy between his 
forefinger and thumb.
'Right-o,' Fred said brightly, spraying the Doxy quickly in the face so 
that it fainted, but the moment Mrs Weasley's back was turned he pocketed 
it with a wink.
'We want to experiment with Doxy venom for our Skiving Snackboxes,' George 
told Harry under his breath.
Deftly spraying two Doxys at once as they soared straight for his nose, 
Harry moved closer to George and muttered out of the corner of his mouth, 
'What are Skiving Snackboxes?'
'Range of sweets to make you ill,' George whispered, keeping a wary eye on 
Mrs Weasley's back. 'Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you 
out of a class when you feel like it. Fred and I have been developing them 
this summer. They're double-ended, colour-coded chews. If you eat the 
orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment you've been 
rushed out of the lesson for the hospital wing, you swallow the purple half 
-'
''- which restores you to full fitness, enabling you to pursue the leisure 
activity of your own choice during an hour that would otherwise have been 
devoted to unprofitable boredom." That's what we're putting in the adverts, 
anyway,' whispered Fred, who had edged over out of Mrs Weasley's line of 
vision and was now sweeping a few stray Doxys from the floor and adding 
them to his pocket. 'But they still need a bit of work. At the moment our 
testers are having a bit of trouble stopping themselves puking long enough 
to swallow the purple end.'
Testers?'
'Us,' said Fred. 'We take it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies - we 
both tried the Nosebleed Nougat -'
'Mum thought we'd been duelling,' said George.
'Joke shop still on, then?' Harry muttered, pretending to be adjusting the 
nozzle on his spray.
'Well, we haven't had a chance to get premises yet,' said Fred, dropping 
his voice even lower as Mrs Weasley mopped her brow with her scarf before 
returning to the attack, 'so we're running it as a mail-order service at 
the moment. We put advertisements in the Daily Prophet last week.'
'All thanks to you, mate,' said George. 'But don't worry... Mum hasn't got 
a clue. She won't read the Daily Prophet any more, 'cause of it telling 
lies about you and Dumbledore.'
Harry grinned. He had forced the Weasley twins to take the thousand 
Galleons prize money he had won in the Triwizard Tournament to help them 
realise their ambition to open a joke shop, but he was still glad to know 
that his part in furthering their plans was unknown to Mrs Weasley. She did 
not think running a joke shop was a suitable career for two of her sons.
The de-Doxying of the curtains took most of the morning. It was past midday 
when Mrs Weasley finally removed her protective scarf, sank into a sagging 
armchair and sprang up again with a cry of disgust, having sat on the bag 
of dead rats. The curtains were no longer buzzing; they hung limp and damp 
from the intensive spraying. At the foot of them unconscious Doxys lay 
crammed in the bucket beside a bowl of their black eggs, at which 
Crook-shanks was now sniffing and Fred and George were shooting covetous 
looks.
'I think we'll tackle those after lunch.' Mrs Weasley pointed at the dusty 
glass-fronted cabinets standing on either side of the mantelpiece. They 
were crammed with an odd assortment of objects: a selection of rusty 
daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver boxes 
inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of 
all, an ornate crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full 
of what Harry was quite sure was blood.
The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at Mrs Weasley.
'Stay here,' she said firmly, snatching up the bag of rats as Mrs Black's 
screeches started up again from down below. I'll bring up some sandwiches.'
She left the room, closing the door carefully behind her. At once, everyone 
dashed over to the window to look down on the doorstep. They could see the 
top of an unkempt gingery head and a stack of precariously balanced 
cauldrons.
'Mundungus!' said Hermione. 'What's he brought all those cauldrons for?'
'Probably looking for a sale place to keep them,' said Harry. 'Isn't that 
what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up 
dodgy cauldrons?'
'Yeah, you're right!' said Fred, as the front door opened; Mundungus heaved 
his cauldrons through it and disappeared from view. 'Blimey, Mum won't like 
that...'
He and George crossed to the door and stood beside it, listening closely. 
Mrs Black's screaming had stopped.
'Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley,' Fred muttered, frowning with 
concentration. 'Can't hear properly... d'you reckon we can risk the 
Extendable Ears?'
'Might be worth it,' said George. 'I could sneak upstairs and get a pair -'
But at that precise moment there was an explosion of sound from downstairs 
that rendered Extendable Ears quite unnecessary. All of them could hear 
exactly what Mrs Weasley was shouting at the top of her voice.
WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!'
I love hearing Mum shouting at someone else,' said Fred, with a satisfied 
smile on his face as he opened the door an inch or so to allow Mrs 
Weasley's voice to permeate the room better, 'it makes such a nice change.'
'- COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVEN'T GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT 
WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE -'
The idiots are letting her get into her stride,' said George, shaking his 
head. 'You've got to head her off early otherwise she builds up a head of 
steam and goes on for hours. And she's been dying to have a go at Mundungus 
ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be following you, Harry - 
and there goes Sirius's mum again.'
Mrs Weasley's voice was lost amid fresh shrieks and screams from the 
portraits in the hall.
George made to shut the door to drown the noise, but before he could do so, 
a house-elf edged into the room.
Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around its middle, it was 
completely naked. It looked very old. Its skin seemed to be several times 
too big for it and, though it was bald like all house-elves, there was a 
quantity of white hair growing out of its large, batlike ears. Its eyes 
were a bloodshot and watery grey and its fleshy nose was large and rather 
snoutlike.
The elf took absolutely no notice of Harry and the rest. Acting as though 
it could not see them, it shuffled hunchbacked, slowly and doggedly, 
towards the far end of the room, all the while muttering under its breath 
in a hoarse, deep voice like a bullfrogs.
'... smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but she's no better, nasty 
old blood traitor with her brats messing up my mistress's house, oh, my 
poor mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum they've let into her 
house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh, the shame of it, Mudbloods 
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he 
do...'
'Hello, Kreacher,' said Fred very loudly, closing the door with a snap.
The house-elf froze in his tracks, stopped muttering, and gave a very 
pronounced and very unconvincing start of surprise.
'Kreacher did not see young master,' he said, turning around and bowing to 
Fred. Still facing the carpet, he added, perfectly audibly, 'Nasty little 
brat of a blood traitor it is.'
'Sorry?' said George. 'Didn't catch that last bit.'
'Kreacher said nothing,' said the elf, with a second bow to George, adding 
in a clear undertone, 'and there's its twin, unnatural little beasts they 
are.'
Harry didn't know whether to laugh or not. The elf straightened up, eyeing 
them all malevolently, and apparently convinced that they could not hear 
him as he continued to mutter.
'... and there's the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh, if my 
mistress knew, oh, how she'd cry, and there's a new boy, Kreacher doesn't 
know his name. What is he doing here? Kreacher doesn't know..."
This is Harry, Kreacher,' said Hermione tentatively. 'Harry Potter.'
Kreacher's pale eyes widened and he muttered faster and more furiously than 
ever.
The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she is my friend, if 
Kreacher's mistress saw him in such company, oh, what would she say -'
'Don't call her a Mudblood!' said Ron and Ginny together, very angrily.
'It doesn't matter,' Hermione whispered, 'he's not in his right mind, he 
doesn't know what he's -'
'Don't kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what he's saying,' said 
Fred, eyeing Kreacher with great dislike.
Kreacher was still muttering, his eyes on Harry.
'Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the scar, it must be 
true, that's the boy who stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did 
it -'
'Don't we all, Kreacher,' said Fred.
'What do you want, anyway?' George asked.
Kreacher's huge eyes darted towards George.
'Kreacher is cleaning,' he said evasively.
'A likely story,' said a voice behind Harry.
Sirius had come back; he was glowering at the elf from the doorway. The 
noise in the hall had abated; perhaps Mrs Weasley and Mundungus had moved 
their argument down into the kitchen.
At the sight of Sirius, Kreacher flung himself into a ridiculously low bow 
that flattened his snoutlike nose on the floor.
'Stand up straight,' said Sirius impatiently. 'Now, what are you up to?'
'Kreacher is cleaning,' the elf repeated. 'Kreacher lives to serve the 
Noble House of Black -'
'And it's getting blacker every day, it's filthy,' said Sirius.
'Master always liked his little joke,' said Kreacher, bowing again, and 
continuing in an undertone, 'Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke 
his mother's heart -'
'My mother didn't have a heart, Kreacher,' snapped Sirius. 'She kept 
herself alive out of pure spite.'
Kreacher bowed again as he spoke.
'Whatever Master says,' he muttered furiously. 'Master is not fit to wipe 
slime from his mother's boots, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if 
she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hated him, what a disappointment he 
was -'
'1 asked you what you were up to,' said Sirius coldly. 'Every time you show 
up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we 
can't throw it out.'
'Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's 
house,' said the elf, then muttered very fast, 'Mistress would never 
forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it's been 
in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the 
blood traitors and the brats destroy it -'
'I thought it might be that,' said Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the 
opposite wall. 'She'll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the 
back of it, I don't doubt, but if 1 can get rid of it I certainly will. Now 
go away, Kreacher.'
It seemed that Kreacher did not dare disobey a direct order; nevertheless, 
the look he gave Sirius as he shuffled out past him was full of deepest 
loathing and he muttered all the way out of the room.
'- comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh, my poor mistress, 
what would she say if she saw the house now, scum living in it, her 
treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of hers and he's back, they 
say he's a murderer too -'
'Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!' said Sirius irritably as he 
slammed the door shut on the elf.
'Sirius, he's not right in the head,' Hermione pleaded, '1 don't think he 
realises we can hear him.'
'He's been alone too long,' said Sirius, 'taking mad orders from my 
mother's portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little 
-'
'If you could just set him free,' said Hermione hopefully, 'maybe -'
'We can't set him free, he knows too much about the Order,' said Sirius 
curtly. 'And anyway, the shock would kill him. You suggest to him that he 
leaves this house, see how he takes it.'
Sirius walked across the room to where the tapestry Kreacher had been 
trying to protect hung the length of the wall. Harry and the others 
followed.
The tapestry looked immensely old; it was faded and looked as though Doxys 
had gnawed it in places. Nevertheless, the golden thread with which it was 
embroidered still glinted brightly enough to show them a sprawling family 
tree dating back (as far as Harry could tell) to the Middle Ages. Large 
words at the very top of the tapestry read:
'The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black Toujours pur'
'You're not on here!' said Harry, after scanning the bottom of the tree 
closely.
'I used to be there,' said Sirius, pointing at a small, round, charred hole 
in the tapestry, rather like a cigarette burn. 'My sweet old mother blasted 
me off after I ran away from home - Kreacher's quite fond of muttering the 
story under his breath.'
'You ran away from home?'
'When I was about sixteen,' said Sirius. 'I'd had enough.'
'Where did you go?' asked Harry, staring at him.
'Your dad's place,' said Sirius. 'Your grandparents were really good about 
it; they sort of adopted me as a second son. Yeah, I camped out at your 
dad's in the school holidays, and when I was seventeen I got a place of my 
own. My Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold - he's been wiped 
off here, too, that's probably why - anyway, after that I looked after 
myself. I was always welcome at Mr and Mrs Potter's for Sunday lunch, 
though.'
'But... why did you... ?'
'Leave?' Sirius smiled bitterly and ran his fingers through his long, 
unkempt hair. 'Because I hated the whole lot of them: my parents, with 
their pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a Black made you practically 
royal... my idiot brother, soft enough to believe them... that's him.'
Sirius jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, at the name 'Regulus 
Black'. A date of death (some fifteen years previously) followed the date 
of birth.
'He was younger than me,' said Sirius, 'and a much better son, as 1 was 
constantly reminded.'
'But he died,' said Harry.
'Yeah,' said Sirius. 'Stupid idiot... he joined the Death Eaters.'
'You're kidding!'
'Come on, Harry, haven't you seen enough of this house to tell what kind of 
wizards my family were?' said Sirius testily.
'Were - were your parents Death Eaters as well?'
'No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had the right idea, they 
were all for the purification of the wizarding race, getting rid of 
Muggle-borns and having pure-bloods in charge. They weren't alone, either, 
there were quite a few people, before Voldemort showed his true colours, 
who thought he had the right idea about things... they got cold feet when 
they saw what he was prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my 
parents thought Regulus was a right little hero for joining up at first.'
'Was he killed by an Auror?' Harry asked tentatively.
'Oh, no,' said Sirius. 'No, he was murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemort's 
orders, more likely; I doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed 
by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after he died, he got in so 
far, then panicked about what he was being asked to do and tried to back 
out. Well, you don't just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. It's a 
lifetime of service or death.'
'Lunch,' said Mrs Weasleys voice.
She was holding her wand high in front of her, balancing a huge tray loaded 
with sandwiches and cake on its tip. She was very red in the face and still 
looked angry. The others moved over to her, eager for some food, but Harry 
remained with Sirius, who had bent closer to the tapestry.
'I haven't looked at this for years. There's Phineas Nigellus... my 
great-great-grandfather, see?... least popular Headmaster Hogwarts ever 
had... and Araminta Mehflua... cousin of my mothers... tried to force 
through a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal... and dear Aunt 
Elladora... she started the family tradition of beheading house-elves when 
they got too old to carry tea trays... of course, any time the family 
produced someone halfway decent they were disowned. I see Tonks isn't on 
here. Maybe that's why Kreacher won't take orders from her - he's supposed 
to do whatever anyone in the family asks him -'
'You and Tonks are related?' Harry asked, surprised.
'Oh, yeah, her mother Andromeda was my favourite cousin,' said Sirius, 
examining the tapestry closely. 'No, Andromeda's not on here either, look 
-'
He pointed to another small round burn mark between two names, Bellatrix 
and Narcissa.
'Andromeda's sisters are still here because they made lovely, respectable 
pure-blood marriages, but Andromeda married a Muggle-born, Ted Tonks, so -'
Sirius mimed blasting the tapestry with a wand and laughed sourly. Harry, 
however, did not laugh; he was too busy staring at the names to the right 
of Andromeda's burn mark. A double line of gold embroidery linked Narcissa 
Black with Lucius Malfoy and a single vertical gold line from their names 
led to the name Draco.
'You're related to the Malfoys!'
The pure-blood families are all interrelated,' said Sirius. If you're only 
going to let your sons and daughters marry pure-bloods your choice is very 
limited; there are hardly any of us left. Molly and I are cousins by 
marriage and Arthur's something like my second cousin once removed. But 
there's no point looking for them on here - if ever a family was a bunch of 
blood traitors it's the Weasleys.'
But Harry was now looking at the name to the left of Andromeda's burn: 
Bellatrix Black, which was connected by a double line to Rodolphus 
Lestrange.
'Lestrange...' Harry said aloud. The name had stirred something in his 
memory; he knew it from somewhere, but for a moment he couldn't think 
where, though it gave him an odd, creeping sensation in the pit of his 
stomach.
They're in Azkaban,' said Sirius shortly.
Harry looked at him curiously.
'Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus came in with Barty Crouch junior,' 
said Sirius, in the same brusque voice. 'Rodolphus' brother Rabastan was 
with them, too.'
Then Harry remembered. He had seen Bellatrix Lestrange inside Dumbledore's 
Pensieve, the strange device in which thoughts and memories could be 
stored: a tall dark woman with heavy-lidded eyes, who had stood at her 
trial and proclaimed her continuing allegiance to Lord Voldemort, her pride 
that she had tried to find him after his downfall and her conviction that 
she would one day be rewarded for her loyalty.
'You never said she was your -'
'Does it matter if she's my cousin?' snapped Sirius. 'As far as I'm 
concerned, they're not my family. She's certainly not my family. I haven't 
seen her since I was your age, unless you count a glimpse of her coming 
into Azkaban. D'you think I'm proud of having a relative like her?'
'Sorry,' said Harry quickly, 'I didn't mean - I was just surprised, that's 
all -'
'It doesn't matter, don't apologise,' Sirius mumbled. He turned away from 
the tapestry, his hands deep in his pockets. 'I don't like being back 
here,' he said, staring across the drawing room. 'I never thought I'd be 
stuck in this house again.'
Harry understood completely. He knew how he would feel, when he was grown 
up and thought he was free of the place for ever, to return and live at 
number four, Privet Drive.
'It's ideal for Headquarters, of course,' Sirius said. 'My father put every 
security measure known to wizardkind on it when he lived here. It's 
unplottable, so Muggles could never come and call - as if they'd ever have 
wanted to - and now Dumbledore's added his protection, you'd be hard put to 
find a safer house anywhere. Dumbledore is Secret Keeper for the Order, you 
know - nobody can find Headquarters unless he tells them personally where 
it is - that note Moody showed you last night, that was from Dumbledore...' 
Sirius gave a short, bark-like laugh. 'If my parents could see the use 
their house was being put to now... well, my mothers portrait should give 
you some idea
He scowled for a moment, then sighed.
'I wouldn't mind if I could just get out occasionally and do something 
useful. I've asked Dumbledore whether I can escort you to your hearing - as 
Snuffles, obviously - so I can give you a bit of moral support, what d'you 
think?'
Harry felt as though his stomach had sunk through the dusty carpet. He had 
not thought about the hearing once since dinner the previous evening; in 
the excitement of being back with the people he liked best, and hearing 
everything that was going on, it had completely flown his mind. At Sirius's 
words, however, the crushing sense of dread returned to him. He stared at 
Hermione and the Weasleys, all tucking into their sandwiches, and thought 
how he would feel if they went back to Hogwarts without him.
'Don't worry,' Sirius said. Harry looked up and realised that Sirius had 
been watching him. 'I'm sure they'll clear you, there's definitely 
something in the International Statute of Secrecy about being allowed to 
use magic to save your own life.'
'But if they do expel me,' said Harry quietly, 'can I come back here and 
live with you?'
Sirius smiled sadly.
'We'll see.'
'I'd feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didn't have to go back 
to the Dursleys',' Harry pressed him.
'They must be bad if you prefer this place,' said Sirius gloomily.
'Hurry up, you two, or there won't be any food left,' Mrs Weasley called.
Sirius heaved another great sigh, cast a dark look at the tapestry, then he 
and Harry went to join the others.
Harry tried his best not to think about the hearing while they emptied the 
glass-fronted cabinets that afternoon. Fortunately for him, it was a job 
that required a lot of concentration, as many of the objects in there 
seemed very reluctant to leave their dusty shelves. Sirius sustained a bad 
bite from a silver snuffbox; within seconds his bitten hand had developed 
an unpleasant crusty covering like a tough brown glove.
'Its OK,' he said, examining the hand with interest before tapping it 
lightly with his wand and restoring its skin to normal, 'must be Wartcap 
powder in there.'
He threw the box aside into the sack where they were depositing the debris 
from the cabinets; Harry saw George wrap his own hand carefully in a cloth 
moments later and sneak the box into his already Doxy-filled pocket.
They found an unpleasant-looking silver instrument, something like a 
many-legged pair of tweezers, which scuttled up Harrys arm like a spider 
when he picked it up, and attempted to puncture his skin. Sirius seized it 
and smashed it with a heavy book entitled Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding 
Genealogy. There was a musical box that emitted a faintly sinister, 
tinkling tune when wound, and they all found themselves becoming curiously 
weak and sleepy, until Ginny had the sense to slam the lid shut; a heavy 
locket that none of them could open; a number of ancient seals; and, in a 
dusty box, an Order of Merlin, First Class, that had been awarded to 
Sirius's grandfather for 'services to the Ministry'.
'It means he gave them a load of gold,' said Sirius contemptuously, 
throwing the medal into the rubbish sack.
Several times Kreacher sidled into the room and attempted to smuggle things 
away under his loincloth, muttering horrible curses every time they caught 
him at it. When Sirius wrested a large golden ring bearing the Black crest 
from his grip, Kreacher actually burst into furious tears and left the room 
sobbing under his breath and calling Sirius names Harry had never heard 
before.
'It was my father's,' said Sirius, throwing the ring into the sack. 
'Kreacher wasn't quite as devoted to him as to my mother, but 1 still 
caught him snogging a pair of my father's old trousers last week.'
Weasley kept them all working very hard over the next few days. The drawing 
room took three days to decontaminate. Finally, the only undesirable things 
left in it were the tapestry of the Black family tree, which resisted all 
their attempts to remove it from the wall, and the rattling writing desk. 
Moody had not dropped by Headquarters yet, so they could not be sure what 
was inside it.
They moved from the drawing room to a dining room on the ground floor where 
they found spiders as large as saucers lurking in the dresser (Ron left the 
room hurriedly to make a cup of tea and did not return for an hour and a 
half). The china, which bore the Black crest and motto, was all thrown 
unceremoniously into a sack by Sirius, and the same fate met a set of old 
photographs in tarnished silver frames, all of whose occupants squealed 
shrilly as the glass covering them smashed.
Snape might refer to their work as 'cleaning', but in Harrys opinion they 
were really waging war on the house, which was putting up a very good 
fight, aided and abetted by Kreacher. The house-elf kept appearing wherever 
they were congregated, his muttering becoming more and more offensive as he 
attempted to remove anything he could from the rubbish sacks. Sirius went 
as far as to threaten him with clothes, but Kreacher fixed him with a 
watery stare and said, 'Master must do as Master wishes,' before turning 
away and muttering very loudly, 'but Master will not turn Kreacher away, 
no, because Kreacher knows what they are up to, oh yes, he is plotting 
against the Dark Lord, yes, with these Mudbloods and traitors and scum...'
At which Sirius, ignoring Hermione's protests, seized Kreacher by the back 
of his loincloth and threw him bodily from the room.
The doorbell rang several times a day, which was the cue for Sirius's 
mother to start shrieking again, and for Harry and the others to attempt to 
eavesdrop on the visitor, though they gleaned very little from the brief 
glimpses and snatches of conversation they were able to sneak before Mrs 
Weasley recalled them to their tasks. Snape flitted in and out of the house 
several times more, though to Harry's relief they never came face to face; 
Harry also caught sight of his Transfiguration teacher Professor 
McGonagall, looking very odd in a Muggle dress and coat, and she also 
seemed too busy to linger. Sometimes, however, the visitors stayed to help. 
Tonks joined them for a memorable afternoon in which they found a murderous 
old ghoul lurking in an upstairs toilet, and Lupin, who was staying in the 
house with Sirius but who left it for long periods to do mysterious work 
for the Order, helped them repair a grandfather clock that had developed 
the unpleasant habit of shooting heavy bolts at passers-by. Mundungus 
redeemed himself slightly in Mrs Weasley's eyes by rescuing Ron from an 
ancient set of purple robes that had tried to strangle him when he removed 
them from their wardrobe.
Despite the fact that he was still sleeping badly, still having dreams 
about corridors and locked doors that made his scar prickle, Harry was 
managing to have fun for the first time all summer. As long as he was busy 
he was happy; when the action abated, however, whenever he dropped his 
guard, or lay exhausted in bed watching blurred shadows move across the 
ceiling, the thought of the looming Ministry hearing returned to him. Fear 
jabbed at his insides like needles as he wondered what was going to happen 
to him if he was expelled. The idea was so terrible that he did not dare 
voice it aloud, not even to Ron and Hermione, who, though he often saw them 
whispering together and casting anxious looks in his direction, followed 
his lead in not mentioning it. Sometimes, he could not prevent his 
imagination showing him a faceless Ministry official who was snapping his 
wand in two and ordering him back to the Dursleys'... but he would not go. 
He was determined on that. He would come back here to Grimmauld Place and 
live with Sirius.
He felt as though a brick had dropped into his stomach when Mrs Weasley 
turned to him during dinner on Wednesday evening and said quietly, 'I've 
ironed your best clothes for tomorrow morning, Harry, and I want you to 
wash your hair tonight, too. A good first impression can work wonders.'
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George and Ginny all stopped talking and looked over 
at him. Harry nodded and tried to keep eating his chop, but his mouth had 
become so dry he could not chew.
'How am I getting there?' he asked Mrs Weasley, trying to sound 
unconcerned.
'Arthur's taking you to work with him,' said Mrs Weasley gently.
Mr Weasley smiled encouragingly at Harry across the table.
'You can wait in my office until it's time for the hearing,' he said.
Harry looked over at Sirius, but before he could ask the question, Mrs 
Weasley had answered it.
'Professor Dumbledore doesn't think it's a good idea for Sirius to go with 
you, and I must say I -'
'- think he's quite right,' said Sirius through clenched teeth.
Mrs Weasley pursed her lips.
'When did Dumbledore tell you that?' Harry said, staring at Sirius.
'He came last night, when you were in bed,' said Mr Weasley.
Sirius stabbed moodily at a potato with his fork. Harry lowered his own 
eyes to his plate. The thought that Dumbledore had been in the house on the 
eve of his hearing and not asked to see him made him feel, if it were 
possible, even worse.
CHAPTER SEVEN
THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC
Harry awoke at half past five the next morning as abruptly and completely 
as if somebody had yelled in his ear. For a few moments he lay immobile as 
the prospect of the disciplinary hearing filled every tiny particle of his 
brain, then, unable to bear it, he leapt out of bed and put on his glasses. 
Mrs Weasley had laid out his freshly laundered jeans and T-shirt at the 
foot of his bed. Harry scrambled into them. The blank picture on the wall 
sniggered.
Ron was lying sprawled on his back with his mouth wide open, fast asleep. 
He did not stir as Harry crossed the room, stepped out on to the landing 
and closed the door softly behind him. Trying not to think of the next time 
he would see Ron, when they might no longer be fellow students at Hogwarts, 
Harry walked quietly down the stairs, past the heads of Kreacher's 
ancestors, and down into the kitchen.
He had expected it to be empty, but when he reached the door he heard the 
soft rumble of voices on the other side. He pushed it open and saw Mr and 
Mrs Weasley, Sirius, Lupin and Tonks sitting there almost as though they 
were waiting for him. All were fully dressed except Mrs Weasley, who was 
wearing a quilted purple dressing gown. She leapt to her feet the moment 
Harry entered.
"Breakfast," she said as she pulled out her wand and hurried over to the 
fire.
"M - m - morning, Harry," yawned Tonks. Her hair was blonde and curly this 
morning. "Sleep all right?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"I've b - b - been up all night," she said, with another shuddering yawn. 
"Come and sit down ..."
She drew out a chair, knocking over the one beside it in the process.
"What do you want, Harry?" Mrs Weasley called. "Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? 
Bacon and eggs? Toast?"
"Just - just toast, thanks," said Harry.
Lupin glanced at Harry, then said to Tonks, "What were you saying about 
Scrimgeour?"
"Oh ... yeah ... well, we need to be a bit more careful, he's been asking 
Kingsley and me funny questions ..."
Harry felt vaguely grateful that he was not required to join in the 
conversation. His insides were squirming. Mrs Weasley placed a couple of 
pieces of toast and marmalade in front of him; he tried to eat, but it was 
like chewing carpet. Mrs Weasley sat down on his other side and started 
fussing with his T-shirt, tucking in the label and smoothing out the 
creases across his shoulders. He wished she wouldn't.
"... and I'll have to tell Dumbledore I can't do night duty tomorrow, I'm 
just too tired," Tonks finished, yawning hugely again.
"I'll cover for you," said Mr Weasley. "I'm OK, I've got a report to finish 
anyway
Mr Weasley was not wearing wizards' robes but a pair of pinstriped trousers 
and an old bomber jacket. He turned from Tonks to Harry.
"How are you feeling?"
Harry shrugged.
"It'll all be over soon," Mr Weasley said bracingly. In a few hours' time 
you'll be cleared."
Harry said nothing.
The hearing's on my floor, in Amelia Bones's office. She's Head of the 
Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and the one who'll be questioning 
you."
"Amelia Bones is OK, Harry," said Tonks earnestly. "She's fair, she'll hear 
you out."
Harry nodded, still unable to think of anything to say.
"Don't lose your temper," said Sirius abruptly. "Be polite and stick to the 
facts."
Harry nodded again.
"The law's on your side," said Lupin quietly. "Even underage wizards are 
allowed to use magic in life-threatening situations."
Something very cold trickled down the back of Harrys neck; for a moment he 
thought someone was putting a Disillusionment Charm on him, then he 
realised that Mrs Weasley was attacking his hair with a wet comb. She 
pressed hard on the top of his head.
"Doesn't it ever lie flat?" she said desperately.
Harry shook his head.
Mr Weasley checked his watch and looked up at Harry.
"I think we'll go now," he said. "We're a bit early but I think you'll be 
better off at the Ministry than hanging around here."
"OK," said Harry automatically, dropping his toast and getting to his feet.
"You'll be all right, Harry," said Tonks, patting him on the arm.
"Good luck," said Lupin. I'm sure it will be fine."
"And if it's not," said Sirius grimly "I'll see to Amelia Bones for you 
..."
Harry smiled weakly. Mrs Weasley hugged him.
"We've all got our fingers crossed," she said.
"Right," said Harry. "Well ... see you later then."
He followed Mr Weasley upstairs and along the hall. He could hear Sirius's 
mother grunting in her sleep behind her curtains. Mr Weasley unbolted the 
door and they stepped out into the cold, grey dawn.
"You don't normally walk to work, do you?" Harry asked him, as they set off 
briskly around the square.
"No, I usually Apparate," said Mr Weasley, "but obviously you can't, and I 
think it's best we arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fashion ... makes a 
better impression, given what you're being disciplined for ..."
Mr Weasley kept his hand inside his jacket as they walked. Harry knew it 
was clenched around his wand. The run-down streets were almost deserted, 
but when they arrived at the miserable little underground station they 
found it already full of early-morning commuters. As ever when he found 
himself in close proximity to Muggles going about their daily business, Mr 
Weasley was hard put to contain his enthusiasm.
"Simply fabulous," he whispered, indicating the automatic ticket machines. 
"Wonderfully ingenious."
"They're out of order," said Harry, pointing at the sign.
"Yes, but even so ..." said Mr Weasley, beaming at them fondly
They bought their tickets instead from a sleepy-looking guard (Harry 
handled the transaction, as Mr Weasley was not very good with Muggle money) 
and five minutes later they were boarding an underground train that rattled 
them off towards the centre of London. Mr Weasley kept anxiously checking 
and re-checking the Underground Map above the windows.
"Four more stops, Harry ... Three stops left now ... Two stops to go, Harry 
..."
They got off at a station in the very heart of London, and were swept from 
the train in a tide of besuited men and women carrying briefcases. Up the 
escalator they went, through the ticket barrier (Mr Weasley delighted with 
the way the stile swallowed his ticket), and emerged on to a broad street 
lined with imposing-looking buildings and already full of traffic.
"Where are we?" said Mr Weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment 
Harry thought they had got off at the wrong station despite Mr Weasley's 
continual references to the map; but a second later he said, "Ah yes ... 
this way, Harry," and led him down a side road.
"Sorry," he said, "but I never come by train and it all looks rather 
different from a Muggle perspective. As a matter of fact, I've never even 
used the visitors' entrance before."
The further they walked, the smaller and less imposing the buildings 
became, until finally they reached a street that contained several rather 
shabby-looking offices, a pub and an overflowing skip. Harry had expected a 
rather more impressive location for the Ministry of Magic.
"Here we are," said Mr Weasley brightly, pointing at an old red telephone 
box, which was missing several panes of glass and stood before a heavily 
graffitied wall. "After you, Harry."
He opened the telephone-box door.
Harry stepped inside, wondering what on earth this was about. Mr Weasley 
folded himself in beside Harry and closed the door. It was a tight fit; 
Harry was jammed against the telephone apparatus, which was hanging 
crookedly from the wall as though a vandal had tried to rip it off. Mr 
Weasley reached past Harry for the receiver.
"Mr Weasley, I think this might be out of order, too," Harry said.
"No, no, I'm sure it's fine," said Mr Weasley, holding the receiver above 
his head and peering at the dial. "Let's see ... six ..." he dialled the 
number, "two ... four ... and another four ... and another two ..."
As the dial whirred smoothly back into place, a cool female voice sounded 
inside the telephone box, not from the receiver in Mr Weasley's hand, but 
as loudly and plainly as though an invisible woman were standing right 
beside them.
"Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business."
"Er ..." said Mr Weasley, clearly uncertain whether or not he should talk 
into the receiver. He compromised by holding the mouthpiece to his ear, 
"Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office, here to escort Harry 
Potter, who has been asked to attend a disciplinary hearing ..."
"Thank you," said the cool female voice. "Visitor, please take the badge 
and attach it to the front of your robes."
There was a click and a rattle, and Harry saw something slide out of the 
metal chute where returned coins usually appeared. He picked it up: it was 
a square silver badge with Harry Potter, Disciplinary Hearing on it. He 
pinned it to the front of his T-shirt as the female voice spoke again.
"Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and 
present your wand for registration at the security desk, which is located 
at the far end of the Atrium."
The floor of the telephone box shuddered. They were sinking slowly into the 
ground. Harry watched apprehensively as the pavement seemed to rise up past 
the glass windows of the telephone box until darkness closed over their 
heads. Then he could see nothing at all; he could hear only a dull grinding 
noise as the telephone box made its way down through the earth. After about 
a minute, though it felt much longer to Harry, a chink of golden light 
illuminated his feet and, widening, rose up his body, until it hit him in 
the face and he had to blink to stop his eyes watering.
"The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day," said the woman's voice.
The door of the telephone box sprang open and Mr Weasley stepped out of it, 
followed by Harry, whose mouth had fallen open.
They were standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a 
highly polished, dark wood floor. The peacock blue ceiling was inlaid with 
gleaming golden symbols that kept moving and changing like some enormous 
heavenly noticeboard. The walls on each side were panelled in shiny dark 
wood and had many gilded fireplaces set into them. Every few seconds a 
witch or wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplaces with a 
soft whoosh. On the right-hand side, short queues were forming before each 
fireplace, waiting to depart.
Halfway down the hall was a fountain. A group of golden statues, larger 
than life-size, stood in the middle of a circular pool. Tallest of them all 
was a noble-looking wizard with his wand pointing straight up in the air. 
Grouped around him were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin and a 
house-elf. The last three were all looking adoringly up at the witch and 
wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the ends of their wands, 
the point of the centaur's arrow, the tip of the goblins hat and each of 
the house-elf's ears, so that the tinkling hiss of falling water was added 
to the pops and cracks of the Apparators and the clatter of footsteps as 
hundreds of witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing glum, 
early-morning looks, strode towards a set of golden gates at the far end of 
the hall.
"This way," said Mr Weasley.
They joined the throng, wending their way between the Ministry workers, 
some of whom were carrying tottering piles of parchment, others battered 
briefcases; still others were reading the Daily Prophet while they walked. 
As they passed the fountain Harry saw silver Sickles and bronze Knuts 
glinting up at him from the bottom of the pool. A small smudged sign beside 
it read:
ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE FOUNTAIN OF MAGICAL BRETHREN WILL BE GIVEN TO ST 
MUNGO'S HOSPITAL FOR MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES.
If I'm not expelled from Hogwarts, I'll put in ten Galleons, Harry found 
himself thinking desperately.
"Over here, Harry," said Mr Weasley, and they stepped out of the stream of 
Ministry employees heading for the golden gates. Seated at a desk to the 
left, beneath a sign saying Security, a badly-shaven wizard in peacock blue 
robes looked up as they approached and put down his Daily Prophet.
"I'm escorting a visitor," said Mr Weasley, gesturing towards Harry.
"Step over here," said the wizard in a bored voice.
Harry walked closer to him and the wizard held up a long golden rod, thin 
and flexible as a car aerial, and passed it up and down Harrys front and 
back.
"Wand," grunted the security wizard at Harry, putting down the golden 
instrument and holding out his hand.
Harry produced his wand. The wizard dropped it on to a strange brass 
instrument, which looked something like a set of scales with only one dish. 
It began to vibrate. A narrow strip of parchment came speeding out of a 
slit in the base. The wizard tore this off and read the writing on it.
"Eleven inches, phoenix-feather core, been in use four years. That 
correct?"
"Yes," said Harry nervously.
"I keep this," said the wizard, impaling the slip of parchment on a small 
brass spike. "You get this back," he added, thrusting the wand at Harry.
"Thank you."
"Hang on ..." said the wizard slowly.
His eyes had darted from the silver visitors badge on Harry's chest to his 
forehead.
"Thank you, Eric," said Mr Weasley firmly, and grasping Harry by the 
shoulder he steered him away from the desk and back into the stream of 
wizards and witches walking through the golden gates.
Jostled slightly by the crowd, Harry followed Mr Weasley through the gates 
into the smaller hall beyond, where at least twenty lifts stood behind 
wrought golden grilles. Harry and Mr Weasley joined the crowd around one of 
them. Nearby, stood a big bearded wizard holding a large cardboard box 
which was emitting rasping noises.
"All right, Arthur?" said the wizard, nodding at Mr Weasley.
"What've you got there, Bob?" asked Mr Weasley, looking at the box.
"We're not sure," said the wizard seriously. 'We thought it was a 
bog-standard chicken until it started breathing fire. Looks like a serious 
breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me."
With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them; the 
golden grille slid back and Harry and Mr Weasley stepped into the lift with 
the rest of the crowd and Harry found himself jammed against the back wall. 
Several witches and wizards were looking at him curiously; he stared at his 
feet to avoid catching anyone's eye, flattening his fringe as he did so. 
The grilles slid shut with a crash and the lift ascended slowly, chains 
rattling, while the same cool female voice Harry had heard in the telephone 
box rang out again.
"Level Seven, Department of Magical Games and Sports, incorporating the 
British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club 
and Ludicrous Patents Office."
The lift doors opened. Harry glimpsed an untidy-looking corridor, with 
various posters of Quidditch teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls. One of 
the wizards in the lift, who was carrying an armful of broomsticks, 
extricated himself with difficulty and disappeared down the corridor. The 
doors closed, the lift juddered upwards again and the woman's voice 
announced:
"Level Six, Department of Magical Transportation, incorporating the Floo 
Network Authority, Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office and Apparation 
Test Centre."
Once again the lift doors opened and four or five witches and wizards got 
out; at the same time, several paper aeroplanes swooped into the lift. 
Harry stared up at them as they flapped idly around above his head; they 
were a pale violet colour and he could see Ministry of Magic stamped along 
the edge of their wings.
"Just inter-departmental memos," Mr Weasley muttered to him. "We used to 
use owls, but the mess was unbelievable ... droppings all over the desks 
..."
As they clattered upwards again the memos flapped around the lamp swaying 
from the lift's ceiling.
"Level Five, Department of International Magical Co-operation, 
incorporating the International Magical Trading Standards Body, the 
International Magical Office of Law and the International Confederation of 
Wizards, British Seats."
When the doors opened, two of the memos zoomed out with a few more of the 
witches and wizards, but several more memos zoomed in, so that the light 
from the lamp flickered and flashed overhead as they darted around it.
"Level Four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical 
Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison 
Office and Pest Advisory Bureau."
"S'cuse," said the wizard carrying the fire-breathing chicken and he left 
the lift pursued by a little flock of memos. The doors clanged shut yet 
again.
"Level Three, Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including 
the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, Obliviator Headquarters and 
Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee."
Everybody left the lift on this floor except Mr Weasley, Harry and a witch 
who was reading an extremely long piece of parchment that was trailing on 
the floor. The remaining memos continued to soar around the lamp as the 
lift juddered upwards again, then the doors opened and the voice made its 
announcement.
"Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper 
Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters and Wizengamot Administration 
Services."
"This is us, Harry," said Mr Weasley, and they followed the witch out of 
the lift into a corridor lined with doors. "My office is on the other side 
of the floor."
"Mr Weasley" said Harry, as they passed a window through which sunlight was 
streaming, "aren't we still underground?"
"Yes, we are," said Mr Weasley. "Those are enchanted windows. Magical 
Maintenance decide what weather we'll get every day. We had two months of 
hurricanes last time they were angling for a pay rise ... Just round here, 
Harry."
They turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy oak doors and emerged 
in a cluttered open area divided into cubicles, which was buzzing with talk 
and laughter. Memos were zooming in and out of cubicles like miniature 
rockets. A lopsided sign on the nearest cubicle read: Auror Headquarters.
Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as they passed. The 
Aurors had covered their cubicle walls with everything from pictures of 
wanted wizards and photographs of their families, to posters of their 
favourite Quidditch teams and articles from the Daily Prophet. A 
scarlet-robed man with a ponytail longer than Bill's was sitting with his 
boots up on his desk, dictating a report to his quill. A little further 
along, a witch with a patch over one eye was talking over the top of her 
cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt.
"Morning, Weasley," said Kingsley carelessly, as they drew nearer. "I've 
been wanting a word with you, have you got a second?"
"Yes, if it really is a second," said Mr Weasley, "I'm in rather a hurry."
They were talking as though they hardly knew each other and when Harry 
opened his mouth to say hello to Kingsley, Mr Weasley stood on his foot. 
They followed Kingsley along the row and into the very last cubicle.
Harry received a slight shock; blinking down at him from every direction 
was Sirius's face. Newspaper cuttings and old photographs - even the one of 
Sirius being best man at the Potters' wedding -papered the walls. The only 
Sirius-free space was a map of the world in which little red pins were 
glowing like jewels.
"Here," said Kingsley brusquely to Mr Weasley, shoving a sheaf of parchment 
into his hand. "I need as much information as possible on flying Muggle 
vehicles sighted in the last twelve months. We've received information that 
Black might still be using his old motorcycle."
Kingsley tipped Harry an enormous wink and added, in a whisper, "Give him 
the magazine, he might find it interesting." Then he said in normal tones, 
"And don't take too long, Weasley, the delay on that firelegs report held 
our investigation up for a month."
"If you had read my report you would know that the term is firearms," said 
Mr Weasley coolly. "And I'm afraid you'll have to wait for information on 
motorcycles; we're extremely busy at the moment." He dropped his voice and 
said, "If you can get away before seven, Molly's making meatballs."
He beckoned to Harry and led him out of Kingsley's cubicle, through a 
second set of oak doors, into another passage, turned left, marched along 
another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and distinctly shabby 
corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left stood 
ajar, revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished 
brass plaque reading: Misuse of Muggle Artifacts.
Mr Weasley's dingy office seemed to be slightly smaller than the broom 
cupboard. Two desks had been crammed inside it and there was barely space 
to move around them because of all the overflowing filing cabinets lining 
the walls, on top of which were tottering piles of files. The little wall 
space available bore witness to Mr Weasley's obsessions: several posters of 
cars, including one of a dismantled engine; two illustrations of postboxes 
he seemed to have cut out of Muggle children's books; and a diagram showing 
how to wire a plug.
Sitting on top of Mr Weasley's overflowing in-tray was an old toaster that 
was hiccoughing in a disconsolate way and a pair of empty leather gloves 
that were twiddling their thumbs. A photograph of the Weasley family stood 
beside the in-tray. Harry noticed that Percy appeared to have walked out of 
it.
"We haven't got a window," said Mr Weasley apologetically, taking off his 
bomber jacket and placing it on the back of his chair. "We've asked, but 
they don't seem to think we need one. Have a seat, Harry, doesn't look as 
if Perkins is in yet."
Harry squeezed himself into the chair behind Perkins's desk while Mr 
Weasley riffled through the sheaf of parchment Kingsley Shacklebolt had 
given him.
"Ah," he said, grinning, as he extracted a copy of a magazine entitled The 
Quibbler from its midst, "yes ..." He flicked through it. "Yes, he's right, 
I'm sure Sirus will find that very amusing - oh dear, what's this now?"
A memo had just zoomed in through the open door and fluttered to rest on 
top of the hiccoughing toaster. Mr Weasley unfolded it and read it aloud.
"'Third regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly 
investigate immediately.' This is getting ridiculous ..."
"A regurgitating toilet?"
"Anti-Muggle pranksters," said Mr Weasley, frowning. "We had two last week, 
one in Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Castle. Muggles are pulling the flush 
and instead of everything disappearing - well, you can imagine. The poor 
things keep calling in those - pumbles, I think they're called - you know, 
the ones who mend pipes and things."
"Plumbers?"
"Exactly, yes, but of course they're flummoxed. I only hope we can catch 
whoever's doing it."
"Will it be Aurors who catch them?"
"Oh no, this is too trivial for Aurors, it'll be the ordinary Magical Law 
Enforcement Patrol - ah, Harry, this is Perkins."
A stooped, timid-looking old wizard with fluffy white hair had just entered 
the room, panting.
"Oh, Arthur!" he said desperately, without looking at Harry. "Thank 
goodness, I didn't know what to do for the best, whether to wait here for 
you or not. I've just sent an owl to your home but you've obviously missed 
it - an urgent message came ten minutes ago -"
"I know about the regurgitating toilet," said Mr Weasley.
"No, no, it's not the toilet, it's the Potter boy's hearing - they've 
changed the time and venue - it starts at eight o'clock now and it's down 
in old Courtroom Ten -"
"Down in old - but they told me - Merlin's beard!"
Mr Weasley looked at his watch, let out a yelp and leapt from his chair.
"Quick, Harry, we should have been there five minutes ago!"
Perkins flattened himself against the filing cabinets as Mr Weasley left 
the office at a run, Harry close on his heels.
"Why have they changed the time?" Harry said breathlessly, as they hurtled 
past the Auror cubicles; people poked out their heads and stared as they 
streaked past. Harry felt as though he'd left all his insides back at 
Perkins's desk.
"I've no idea, but thank goodness we got here so early, if you'd missed it, 
it would have been catastrophic!"
Mr Weasley skidded to a halt beside the lifts and jabbed impatiently at the 
'down' button.
"Come ON!"
The lift clattered into view and they hurried inside. Every time it stopped 
Mr Weasley cursed furiously and pummelled the number nine button.
Those courtrooms haven't been used in years," said Mr Weasley angrily. "I 
can't think why they're doing it down there - unless -but no -"
A plump witch carrying a smoking goblet entered the lift at that moment, 
and Mr Weasley did not elaborate.
"The Atrium," said the cool female voice and the golden grilles slid open, 
showing Harry a distant glimpse of the golden statues in the fountain. The 
plump witch got out and a sallow-skinned wizard with a very mournful face 
got in.
"Morning, Arthur," he said in a sepulchral voice as the lift began to 
descend. "Don't often see you down here."
"Urgent business, Bode," said Mr Weasley, who was bouncing on the balls of 
his feet and throwing anxious looks over at Harry.
"Ah, yes," said Bode, surveying Harry unblinkingly. "Of course."
Harry barely had emotion to spare for Bode, but his unfaltering gaze did 
not make him feel any more comfortable.
"Department of Mysteries," said the cool female voice, and left it at that.
"Quick, Harry," said Mr Weasley as the lift doors rattled open, and they 
sped up a corridor that was quite different from those above. The walls 
were bare; there were no windows and no doors apart from a plain black one 
set at the very end of the corridor. Harry expected them to go through it, 
but instead Mr Weasley seized him by the arm and dragged him to the left, 
where there was an opening leading to a flight of steps.
"Down here, down here," panted Mr Weasley, taking two steps at a time. The 
lift doesn't even come down this far ... why they're doing it down there I 
..."
They reached the bottom of the steps and ran along yet another corridor, 
which bore a great resemblance to the one that led to Snape's dungeon at 
Hogwarts, with rough stone walls and torches in brackets. The doors they 
passed here were heavy wooden ones with iron bolts and keyholes.
"Courtroom ... Ten ... I think ... we're nearly ... yes."
Mr Weasley stumbled to a halt outside a grimy dark door with an immense 
iron lock and slumped against the wall, clutching at a stitch in his chest.
"Go on," he panted, pointing his thumb at the door. "Get in there."
"Aren't - aren't you coming with -?"
"No, no, I'm not allowed. Good luck!"
Harry's heart was beating a violent tattoo against his Adam's apple. He 
swallowed hard, turned the heavy iron door handle and stepped inside the 
courtroom.
- CHAPTER EIGHT -
The Hearing
Harry gasped; he could not help himself. The large dungeon he had entered 
was horribly familiar. He had not only seen it before, he had been here 
before. This was the place he had visited inside Dumbledore's Pensieve, the 
place where he had watched the Lestranges sentenced to life imprisonment in 
Azkaban.
The walls were made of dark stone, dimly lit by torches. Empty benches rose 
on either side of him, but ahead, in the highest benches of all, were many 
shadowy figures. They had been talking in low voices, but as the heavy door 
swung closed behind Harry an ominous silence fell.
A cold male voice rang across the courtroom.
'You're late.'
'Sorry,' said Harry nervously 'I - I didn't know the time had been 
changed.'
That is not the Wizengamot's fault,' said the voice. 'An owl was sent to 
you this morning. Take your seat.'
Harry dropped his gaze to the chair in the centre of the room, the arms of 
which were covered in chains. He had seen those chains spring to life and 
bind whoever sat between them. His footsteps echoed loudly as he walked 
across the stone floor. When he sat gingerly on the edge of the chair the 
chains clinked threateningly, but did not bind him. Feeling rather sick, he 
looked up at the people seated at the bench above.
There were about fifty of them, all, as far as he could see, wearing 
plum-coloured robes with an elaborately worked silver 'W on the left-hand 
side of the chest and all staring down their noses at him, some with very 
austere expressions, others looks of frank curiosity.
THE HE A RING
In the very middle of the front row sat Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for 
Magic. Fudge was a portly man who often sported a lime-green bowler hat, 
though today he had dispensed with it; he had dispensed, too, with the 
indulgent smile he had once worn when he spoke to Harry. A broad, 
square-jawed witch with very short grey hair sat on Fudge's left; she wore 
a monocle and looked forbidding. On Fudge's right was another witch, but 
she was sitting so far back on the bench that her face was in shadow.
'Very well,' said Fudge. The accused being present - finally -let us begin. 
Are you ready?' he called down the row.
'Yes, sir,' said an eager voice Harry knew. Ron's brother Percy was sitting 
at the very end of the front bench. Harry looked at Percy, expecting some 
sign of recognition from him, but none came. Percy's eyes, behind his 
horn-rimmed glasses, were fixed on his parchment, a quill poised in his 
hand.
'Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August,' said Fudge in a ringing 
voice, and Percy began taking notes at once, 'into offences committed under 
the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the 
International Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter, resident at number 
four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.
'Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic; Amelia Susan 
Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement; Dolores Jane 
Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. Court Scribe, Percy 
Ignatius Weasley -'
'Witness for the defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumble-dore,' said a 
quiet voice from behind Harry, who turned his head so fast he cricked his 
neck.
Dumbledore was striding serenely across the room wearing long midnight-blue 
robes and a perfectly calm expression. His long silver beard and hair 
gleamed in the torchlight as he drew level with Harry and looked up at 
Fudge through the half-moon spectacles that rested halfway down his very 
crooked nose.
The members of the Wizengamot were muttering. All eyes were now on 
Dumbledore. Some looked annoyed, others slightly frightened; two elderly 
witches in the back row, however, raised their hands and waved in welcome.
A powerful emotion had risen in Harry's chest at the sight of Dumbledore, a 
fortified, hopeful feeling rather like that which phoenix song gave him. He 
wanted to catch Dumbledore's eye, but Dumbledore was not looking his way; 
he was continuing to look up at the obviously flustered Fudge.
'Ah,' said Fudge, who looked thoroughly disconcerted. 'Dumbledore. Yes. You 
- er - got our - er - message that the time and -er - place of the hearing 
had been changed, then?'
'I must have missed it,' said Dumbledore cheerfully. 'However, due to a 
lucky mistake I arrived at the Ministry three hours early, so no harm 
done.'
'Yes - well - I suppose we'll need another chair - I - Weasley, could you 
-?'
'Not to worry, not to worry,' said Dumbledore pleasantly; he took out his 
wand, gave it a little flick, and a squashy chintz armchair appeared out of 
nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore sat down, put the tips of his long 
fingers together and surveyed Fudge over them with an expression of polite 
interest. The Wizengamot was still muttering and fidgeting restlessly; only 
when Fudge spoke again did they settle down.
'Yes,' said Fudge again, shuffling his notes. 'Well, then. So. The charges. 
Yes.'
He extricated a piece of parchment from the pile before him, took a deep 
breath, and read out, The charges against the accused are as follows:
That he did knowingly, deliberately and in full awareness of the illegality 
of his actions, having received a previous written warning from the 
Ministry of Magic on a similar charge, produce a Patronus Charm in a 
Muggle-inhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, on the second of August 
at twenty-three minutes past nine, which constitutes an offence under 
Paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage 
Sorcery, 1875, and also under Section 13 of the International Confederation 
of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy.
'You are Harry James Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, 
Surrey?' Fudge said, glaring at Harry over the top of his parchment.
'Yes,' Harry said.
'You received an official warning from the Ministry for using illegal magic 
three years ago, did you not?'
'Yes, but -'
'And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the second of August?' 
said Fudge.
'Yes,' said Harry, 'but -'
'Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside school while you 
are under the age of seventeen?'
'Yes, but -'
'Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles?'
'Yes, but -'
'Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?'
'Yes,' said Harry angrily, 'but 1 only used it because we were -'
The witch with the monocle cut across him in a booming voice.
'You produced a fully-fledged Patronus?'
'Yes,' said Harry, 'because -'
'A corporeal Patronus?'
'A - what?' said Harry.
'Your Patronus had a clearly defined form? I mean to say, it was more than 
vapour or smoke?'
'Yes,' said Harry, feeling both impatient and slightly desperate, 'it's a 
stag, it's always a stag.'
'Always?' boomed Madam Bones. 'You have produced a Patronus before now?'
'Yes,' said Harry, 'I've been doing it for over a year.'
'And you are fifteen years old?'
'Yes, and -'
'You learned this at school?'
'Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third year, because of the -'
'Impressive,' said Madam Bones, staring down at him, 'a true Patronus at 
his age... very impressive indeed.'
Some of the wizards and witches around her were muttering again; a few 
nodded, but others were frowning and shaking their heads.
'It's not a question of how impressive the magic was,' said Fudge in a 
testy voice, 'in fact, the more impressive the worse it is, I would have 
thought, given that the boy did it in plain view of a Muggle!'
Those who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it was the sight 
of Percy's sanctimonious little nod that goaded Harry into speech.
'I did it because of the Dementors!' he said loudly, before anyone could 
interrupt him again.
He had expected more muttering, but the silence that fell seemed to be 
somehow denser than before.
'Dementors?' said Madam Bones after a moment, her thick eyebrows rising 
until her monocle looked in danger of falling out. 'What do you mean, boy?'
'I mean there were two Dementors down that alleyway and they went for me 
and my cousin!'
'Ah,' said Fudge again, smirking unpleasantly as he looked around at the 
Wizengamot, as though inviting them to share the joke. 'Yes. Yes, I thought 
we'd be hearing something like this.'
'Dementors in Little Whinging?' Madam Bones said, in a tone of great 
surprise. 'I don't understand -'
'Don't you, Amelia?' said Fudge, still smirking. 'Let me explain. He's been 
thinking it through and decided Dementors would make a very nice little 
cover story, very nice indeed. Muggles can't see Dementors, can they, boy? 
Highly convenient, highly convenient... so it's just your word and no 
witnesses...'
'I'm not lying!' said Harry loudly, over another outbreak of muttering from 
the court. There were two of them, coming from opposite ends of the alley, 
everything went dark and cold and my cousin felt them and ran for it -'
'Enough, enough!' said Fudge, with a very supercilious look on his face. 
'I'm sorry to interrupt what I'm sure would have been a very well-rehearsed 
story -'
Dumbledore cleared his throat. The Wizengamot fell silent again.
'We do, in fact, have a witness to the presence of Dementors in that 
alleyway,' he said, 'other than Dudley Dursley, I mean.'
Fudge's plump face seemed to slacken, as though somebody had let air out of 
it. He stared down at Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the 
appearance of a man pulling himself back together, said, 'We haven't got 
time to listen to more tarradiddles, I'm afraid, Dumbledore. I want this 
dealt with quickly -'
'I may be wrong,' said Dumbledore pleasantly, 'but I am sure that under the 
Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the right to present 
witnesses for his or her case? Isn't that the policy of the Department of 
Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bones?' he continued, addressing the witch 
in the monocle.
'True,' said Madam Bones. 'Perfectly true.'
'Oh, very well, very well,' snapped Fudge. 'Where is this person?'
'I brought her with me,' said Dumbledore. 'She's just outside the door. 
Should 1 -?'
'No - Weasley, you go,' Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, ran down 
the stone steps from the judge's balcony and hurried past Dumbledore and 
Harry without glancing at them.
A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mrs Figg. She looked scared and 
more batty than ever. Harry wished she had thought to change out of her 
carpet slippers.
Dumbledore stood up and gave Mrs Figg his chair, conjuring a second one for 
himself.
'Full name?' said Fudge loudly, when Mrs Figg had perched herself nervously 
on the very edge of her seal.
'Arabella Doreen Figg,' said Mrs Figg in her quavery voice.
'And who exactly are you?' said Fudge, in a bored and lofty voice.
'I'm a resident of Little Whinging, close to where Harry Potter lives,' 
said Mrs Figg.
'We have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whinging, other 
than Harry Potter,' said Madam Bones at once. That situation has always 
been closely monitored, given... given past events.'
'I'm a Squib,' said Mrs Figg. 'So you wouldn't have me registered, would 
you?'
'A Squib, eh?' said Fudge, eyeing her closely. 'We'll be checking that. 
You'll leave details of your parentage with my assistant Weasley. 
Incidentally, can Squibs see Dementors?' he added, looking left and right 
along the bench.
'Yes, we can!' said Mrs Figg indignantly.
Fudge looked back down at her, his eyebrows raised. 'Very well,' he said 
aloofly. 'What is your story?'
'I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner shop at the end of Wisteria 
Walk, around about nine o'clock, on the evening of the second of August,' 
gabbled Mrs Figg at once, as though she had learned what she was saying by 
heart, 'when I heard a disturbance down the alleyway between Magnolia 
Crescent and Wisteria Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I saw 
Dementors running -'
'Running?' said Madam Bones sharply. 'Dementors don't run, they glide.'
That's what 1 meant to say,' said Mrs Figg quickly, patches of pink 
appearing in her withered cheeks. 'Gliding along the alley towards what 
looked like two boys.'
'What did they look like?' said Madam Bones, narrowing her eyes so that the 
edge of the monocle disappeared into her flesh.
'Well, one was very large and the other one rather skinny -'
'No, no,' said Madam Bones impatiently. 'The Dementors... describe them.'
'Oh,1 said Mrs Figg, the pink flush creeping up her neck now. They were 
big. Big and wearing cloaks.'
Harry felt a horrible sinking in the pit of his stomach. Whatever Mrs Figg 
might say, it sounded to him as though the most she had ever seen was a 
picture of a Dementor, and a picture could never convey the truth of what 
these beings were like: the eerie way they moved, hovering inches over the 
ground; or the rotting smell of them; or that terrible rattling noise they 
made as they sucked on the surrounding air...
In the second row, a dumpy wizard with a large black moustache leaned close 
to whisper in the ear of his neighbour, a frizzy-haired witch. She smirked 
and nodded.
'Big and wearing cloaks,' repeated Madam Bones coolly, while Fudge snorted 
derisively. 'I see. Anything else?'
'Yes,' said Mrs Figg. 'I felt them. Everything went cold, and this was a 
very warm summer's night, mark you. And I felt... as though all happiness 
had gone from the world... and I remembered... dreadful things...'
Her voice shook and died.
Madam Bones's eyes widened slightly. Harry could see red marks under her 
eyebrow where the monocle had dug into it.
'What did the Dementors do?' she asked, and Harry felt a rush of hope.
They went for the boys,' said Mrs Figg, her voice stronger and more 
confident now, the pink flush ebbing away from her face. 'One of them had 
fallen. The other was backing away, trying to repel the Dementor. That was 
Harry. He tried twice and produced only silver vapour. On the third 
attempt, he produced a Patronus, which charged down the first Dementor and 
then, with his encouragement, chased the second one away from his cousin. 
And that that is what happened,' Mrs Figg finished, somewhat lamely.
Madam Bones looked down at Mrs Figg in silence. Fudge was not looking at 
her at all, but fidgeting with his papers. Finally, he raised his eyes and 
said, rather aggressively, That's what you saw, is it?'
That is what happened,' Mrs Figg repeated.
'Very well,' said Fudge. 'You may go.'
Mrs Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore, then got up and 
shuffled off towards the door. Harry heard it thud shut behind her.
'Not a very convincing witness,' said Fudge loftily.
'Oh, I don't know,' said Madam Bones, in her booming voice. 'She certainly 
described the effects of a Dementor attack very accurately. And I can't 
imagine why she would say they were there if they weren't.'
'But Dementors wandering into a Muggle suburb and just happening to come 
across a wizard?' snorted Fudge. The odds on that must be very, very long. 
Even Bagman wouldn't have bet -'
'Oh, 1 don't think any of us believe the Dementors were there by 
coincidence,' said Dumbledore lightly.
The witch sitting to the right of Fudge, with her face in shadow, moved 
slightly but everyone else was quite still and silent.
And what is that supposed to mean?' Fudge asked icily.
'It means that I think they were ordered there,' said Dumbledore.
'I think we might have a record of it if someone had ordered a pair of 
Dementors to go strolling through Little Whanging!' barked Fudge.
'Not if the Dementors are taking orders from someone other than the 
Ministry of Magic these days,' said Dumbledore calmly. 'I have already 
given you my views on this matter, Cornelius.'
'Yes, you have,' said Fudge forcefully, 'and I have no reason to believe 
that your views are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. The Dementors 
remain in place in Azkaban and are doing everything we ask them to.'
Then,' said Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, 'we must ask ourselves why 
somebody within the Ministry ordered a pair of Dementors into that alleyway 
on the second of August.'
In the complete silence that greeted these words, the witch to the right of 
Fudge leaned forwards so that Harry saw her for the first time.
He thought she looked just like a large, pale toad. She was rather squat 
with a broad, flabby face, as little neck as Uncle Vernon and a very wide, 
slack mouth. Her eyes were large, round and slightly bulging. Even the 
little black velvet bow perched on top of her short curly hair put him in 
mind of a large fly she was about to catch on a long sticky tongue.
The Chair recognises Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the 
Minister,' said Fudge.
The witch spoke in a fluttery, girlish, high-pitched voice that took Harry 
aback; he had been expecting a croak.
'I'm sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor Dumbledore,' she said, 
with a simper that left her big, round eyes as cold as ever. 'So silly of 
me. But it sounded for a teensy moment as though you were suggesting that 
the Ministry of Magic had ordered an attack on this boy!'
She gave a silvery laugh that made the hairs on the back of Harry's neck 
stand up. A few other members of the Wizengamot laughed with her. It could 
not have been plainer that not one of them was really amused.
'If it is true that the Dementors are taking orders only from the Ministry 
of Magic, and it is also true that two Dementors attacked Harry and his 
cousin a week ago, then it follows logically that somebody at the Ministry 
might have ordered the attacks,' said Dumbledore politely. 'Of course, 
these particular Dementors may have been outside Ministry control -'
'There are no Dementors outside Ministry control!' snapped Fudge, who had 
turned brick red.
Dumbledore inclined his head in a little bow.
Then undoubtedly the Ministry will be making a full inquiry into why two 
Dementors were so very far from Azkaban and why they attacked without 
authorisation.'
'It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic does or does not 
do, Dumbledore!' snapped Fudge, now a shade of magenta of which Uncle 
Vernon would have been proud.
'Of course it isn't,' said Dumbledore mildly. 'I was merely expressing my 
confidence that this matter will not go uninvesti-gated.'
He glanced at Madam Bones, who readjusted her monocle and stared back at 
him, frowning slightly.
'I would remind everybody that the behaviour of these Dementors, if indeed 
they are not figments of this boy's imagination, is not the subject of this 
hearing!' said Fudge. 'We are here to examine Harry Potter's offences under 
the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery!'
'Of course we are,' said Dumbledore, 'but the presence of Dementors in that 
alleyway is highly relevant. Clause Seven of the Decree states that magic 
may be used before Muggles in exceptional circumstances, and as those 
exceptional circumstances include situations which threaten the life of the 
wizard or witch him- or herself, or any witches, wizards or Muggles present 
at the time of the -'
'We are familiar with Clause Seven, thank you very much!' snarled Fudge.
'Of course you are,' said Dumbledore courteously. Then we are in agreement 
that Harrys use of the Patronus Charm in these circumstances falls 
precisely into the category of exceptional circumstances the clause 
describes?'
'If there were Dementors, which I doubt.'
'You have heard it from an eyewitness,' Dumbledore interrupted.
'If you still doubt her truthfulness, call her back, question her again. 1 
am sure she would not object.'
'I - that - not -' blustered Fudge, fiddling with the papers before him. 
'It's - I want this over with today, Dumbledore!'
'But naturally, you would not care how many times you heard from a witness, 
if the alternative was a serious miscarriage of justice,' said Dumbledore.
'Serious miscarriage, my hat!' said Fudge at the top of his voice. 'Have 
you ever bothered to tot up the number of cock-and-bull stories this boy 
has come out with, Dumbledore, while trying to cover up his flagrant misuse 
of magic out of school? I suppose you've forgotten the Hover Charm he used 
three years ago -'
That wasn't me, it was a house-elf!' said Harry.
'YOU SEE?' roared Fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in Harry's direction. 'A 
house-elf! In a Muggle house! I ask you.'
The house-elfin question is currently in the employ of Hogwarts School,' 
said Dumbledore. 'I can summon him here in an instant to give evidence if 
you wish."
'I - not - I haven't got time to listen to house-elves! Anyway, that's not 
the only - he blew up his aunt, for God's sake!' Fudge shouted, banging his 
fist on the judge's bench and upsetting a bottle of ink.
'And you very kindly did not press charges on that occasion, accepting, I 
presume, that even the best wizards cannot always control their emotions,' 
said Dumbledore calmly, as Fudge attempted to scrub the ink off his notes.
'And I haven't even started on what he gets up to at school.'
'But, as the Ministry has no authority to punish Hogwarts students for 
misdemeanours at school, Harry's behaviour there is not relevant to this 
hearing,' said Dumbledore, as politely as ever, but now with a suggestion 
of coolness behind his words.
'Oho!' said Fudge. 'Not our business what he does at school, eh? You think 
so?'
The Ministry does not have the power to expel Hogwarts students, Cornelius, 
as I reminded you on the night of the second of August,' said Dumbledore. 
'Nor does it have the right to confiscate wands until charges have been 
successfully proven; again, as
I reminded you on the night of the second of August. In your admirable 
haste to ensure that the law is upheld, you appear, inadvertently I am 
sure, to have overlooked a few laws yourself.'
'Laws can be changed,' said Fudge savagely.
'Of course they can,' said Dumbledore, inclining his head. 'And you 
certainly seem to be making many changes, Cornelius. Why, in the few short 
weeks since I was asked to leave the Wizengamot, it has already become the 
practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple matter of 
underage magic!'
A few of the wizards above them shifted uncomfortably in their seats. Fudge 
turned a slightly deeper shade of puce. The toadlike witch on his right, 
however, merely gazed at Dumbledore, her face quite expressionless.
'As far as I am aware,' Dumbledore continued, 'there is no law yet in place 
that says this court's job is to punish Harry for every bit of magic he has 
ever performed. He has been charged with a specific offence and he has 
presented his defence. All he and I can do now is to await your verdict.'
Dumbledore put his fingertips together again and said no more. Fudge glared 
at him, evidently incensed. Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, seeking 
reassurance; he was not at all sure that Dumbledore was right in telling 
the Wizengamot, in effect, that it was about time they made a decision. 
Again, however, Dumbledore seemed oblivious to Harry's attempt to catch his 
eye. He continued to look up at the benches where the entire Wizengamot had 
fallen into urgent, whispered conversations.
Harry looked at his feet. His heart, which seemed to have swollen to an 
unnatural size, was thumping loudly under his ribs. He had expected the 
hearing to last longer than this. He was not at all sure that he had made a 
good impression. He had not really said very much. He ought to have 
explained more fully about the Dementors, about how he had fallen over, 
about how both he and Dudley had nearly been kissed...
Twice he looked up at Fudge and opened his mouth to speak, but his swollen 
heart was now constricting his air passages and both times he merely took a 
deep breath and looked back down at his shoes.
- CHAPTER NINE
The Woes of Mrs Weasly
Dumbledore's abrupt departure took Harry completely by surprise. He 
remained sitting where he was in the chained chair, struggling with his 
feelings of shock and relief. The Wizengamot were all getting to their 
feet, talking, gathering up their papers and packing them away. Harry stood 
up. Nobody seemed to be paying him the slightest bit of attention, except 
the toadlike witch on Fudge's right, who was now gazing down at him instead 
of at Dumbledore. Ignoring her, he tried to catch Fudge's eye, or Madam 
Bones's, wanting to ask whether he was free to go, but Fudge seemed quite 
determined not to notice Harry, and Madam Bones was busy with her 
briefcase, so he took a few tentative steps towards the exit and, when 
nobody called him back, broke into a very fast walk.
He took the last few steps at a run, wrenched open the door and almost 
collided with Mr Weasley, who was standing right outside, looking pale and 
apprehensive.
'Dumbledore didn't say -'
'Cleared,' Harry said, pulling the door closed behind him, 'of all 
charges!'
Beaming, Mr Weasley seized Harry by the shoulders.
'Harry, that's wonderful! Well, of course, they couldn't have found you 
guilty, not on the evidence, but even so, 1 can't pretend I wasn't -'
But Mr Weasley broke off, because the courtroom door had just opened again. 
The Wizengamot were filing out.
'Merlin's beard!' exclaimed Mr Weasley wonderingly, pulling Harry aside to 
let them all pass. 'You were tried by the full court?'
'I think so,' said Harry quietly.
One or two of the wizards nodded to Harry as they passed and a few, 
including Madam Bones, said, 'Morning, Arthur,' to Mr Weasley, but most 
averted their eyes. Cornelius Fudge and the toadlike witch were almost the 
last to leave the dungeon. Fudge acted as though Mr Weasley and Harry were 
part of the wall, but again, the witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry 
as she passed. Last of all to pass was Percy. Like Fudge, he completely 
ignored his father and Harry; he marched past clutching a large roll of 
parchment and a handful of spare quills, his back rigid and his nose in the 
air. The lines around Mr Weasleys mouth tightened slightly, but other than 
this he gave no sign that he had seen his third son.
'I'm going to take you straight back so you can tell the others the good 
news,' he said, beckoning Harry forwards as Percy's heels disappeared up 
the steps to Level Nine. I'll drop you off on the way to that toilet in 
Bethnal Green. Come on..."
'So, what will you have to do about the toilet?' Harry asked, grinning. 
Everything suddenly seemed five times funnier than usual. It was starting 
to sink in: he was cleared, he was going back to Hogwarts.
'Oh, its a simple enough anti-jinx,' said Mr Weasley as they mounted the 
stairs, 'but it's not so much having to repair the damage, its more the 
attitude behind the vandalism, Harry. Muggle-baiting might strike some 
wizards as funny, but it's an expression of something much deeper and 
nastier, and I for one -'
Mr Weasley broke off in mid-sentence. They had just reached the ninth-level 
corridor and Cornelius Fudge was standing a few feet away from them, 
talking quietly to a tall man with sleek blond hair and a pointed, pale 
face.
The second man turned at the sound of their footsteps. He, too, broke off 
in mid-conversation, his cold grey eyes narrowed and fixed upon Harry's 
face.
'Well, well, well... Patronus Potter,' said Lucius Malfoy coolly.
Harry felt winded, as though he had just walked into something solid. He 
had last seen those cold grey eyes through slits in a Death Eaters hood, 
and last heard that man's voice jeering in a dark graveyard while Lord 
Voldemort tortured him. Harry could not believe that Lucius Malfoy dared 
look him in the face; he could not believe that he was 